plugins/parsers/json_v2/README.md, before:

# JSON Parser - Version 2

This parser takes valid JSON input and turns it into line protocol. The query syntax supported is [GJSON Path Syntax](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/v1.7.5/SYNTAX.md), you can go to this playground to test out your GJSON path here: [gjson.dev/](https://gjson.dev). You can find multiple examples under the `testdata` folder.

## Configuration

You configure this parser by describing the line protocol you want by defining the fields and tags from the input. The configuration is divided into config sub-tables called `field`, `tag`, and `object`. In the example below you can see all the possible configuration keys you can define for each config table. In the sections that follow these configuration keys are defined in more detail.

**Example configuration:**

```toml
 [[inputs.file]]
    urls = []
    data_format = "json_v2"
    [[inputs.file.json_v2]]
        measurement_name = "" # A string that will become the new measurement name
        measurement_name_path = "" # A string with valid GJSON path syntax, will override measurement_name
        timestamp_path = "" # A string with valid GJSON path syntax to a valid timestamp (single value)
        timestamp_format = "" # A string with a valid timestamp format (see below for possible values)
        timestamp_timezone = "" # A string with with a valid timezone (see below for possible values)
        [[inputs.file.json_v2.tag]]
            path = "" # A string with valid GJSON path syntax to a non-array/non-object value
            rename = "new name" # A string with a new name for the tag key
        [[inputs.file.json_v2.field]]
            path = "" # A string with valid GJSON path syntax to a non-array/non-object value
            rename = "new name" # A string with a new name for the tag key
            type = "int" # A string specifying the type (int,uint,float,string,bool)
        [[inputs.file.json_v2.object]]
            path = "" # A string with valid GJSON path syntax, can include array's and object's

            ## Configuration to define what JSON keys should be used as timestamps ##
            timestamp_key = "" # A JSON key (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) to a valid timestamp
            timestamp_format = "" # A string with a valid timestamp format (see below for possible values)
            timestamp_timezone = "" # A string with with a valid timezone (see below for possible values)

            ### Configuration to define what JSON keys should be included and how (field/tag) ###
            tags = [] # List of JSON keys (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) to be a tag instead of a field, when adding a JSON key in this list you don't have to define it in the included_keys list
            included_keys = [] # List of JSON keys (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) that should be only included in result
            excluded_keys = [] # List of JSON keys (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) that shouldn't be included in result
            # When a tag/field sub-table is defined, they will be the only field/tag's along with any keys defined in the included_keys list.
            # If the resulting values aren't included in the object/array returned by the root object path, it won't be included.
            # You can define as many tag/field sub-tables as you want.
            [[inputs.file.json_v2.object.tag]]
                path = "" # # A string with valid GJSON path syntax, can include array's and object's
                rename = "new name" # A string with a new name for the tag key
            [[inputs.file.json_v2.object.field]]
                path = "" # # A string with valid GJSON path syntax, can include array's and object's
                rename = "new name" # A string with a new name for the tag key
                type = "int" # A string specifying the type (int,uint,float,string,bool)

            ### Configuration to modify the resutling line protocol ###
            disable_prepend_keys = false (or true, just not both)
            [inputs.file.json_v2.object.renames] # A map of JSON keys (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) with a new name for the tag key
                key = "new name"
            [inputs.file.json_v2.object.fields] # A map of JSON keys (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) with a type (int,uint,float,string,bool)
                key = "int"
```

---

### root config options

* **measurement_name (OPTIONAL)**:  Will set the measurement name to the provided string.
* **measurement_name_path (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a query with [GJSON Path Syntax](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/v1.7.5/SYNTAX.md) to set a measurement name from the JSON input. The query must return a single data value or it will use the default measurement name. This takes precedence over `measurement_name`.
* **timestamp_path (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a query with [GJSON Path Syntax](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/v1.7.5/SYNTAX.md) to set a timestamp from the JSON input. The query must return a single data value or it will default to the current time.
* **timestamp_format (OPTIONAL, but REQUIRED when timestamp_query is defined**: Must be set to `unix`, `unix_ms`, `unix_us`, `unix_ns`, or
the Go "reference time" which is defined to be the specific time:
`Mon Jan 2 15:04:05 MST 2006`
* **timestamp_timezone (OPTIONAL, but REQUIRES timestamp_query**: This option should be set to a
[Unix TZ value](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones),
such as `America/New_York`, to `Local` to utilize the system timezone, or to `UTC`. Defaults to `UTC`

---

### `field` and `tag` config options

`field` and `tag` represent the elements of [line protocol](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2.0/reference/syntax/line-protocol/). You can use the `field` and `tag` config tables to gather a single value or an array of values that all share the same type and name. With this you can add a field or tag to a line protocol from data stored anywhere in your JSON. If you define the GJSON path to return a single value then you will get a single resutling line protocol that contains the field/tag. If you define the GJSON path to return an array of values, then each field/tag will be put into a separate line protocol (you use the # character to retrieve JSON arrays, find examples [here](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/v1.7.5/SYNTAX.md#arrays)).

Note that objects are handled separately, therefore if you provide a path that returns a object it will be ignored. You will need use the `object` config table to parse objects, because `field` and `tag` doesn't handle relationships between data. Each `field` and `tag` you define is handled as a separate data point.

The notable difference between `field` and `tag`, is that `tag` values will always be type string while `field` can be multiple types. You can define the type of `field` to be any [type that line protocol supports](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2.0/reference/syntax/line-protocol/#data-types-and-format), which are:

* float
* int
* uint
* string
* bool

#### **field**

Using this field configuration you can gather a non-array/non-object values. Note this acts as a global field when used with the `object` configuration, if you gather an array of values using `object` then the field gathered will be added to each resulting line protocol without acknowledging its location in the original JSON. This is defined in TOML as an array table using double brackets.

* **path (REQUIRED)**: A string with valid GJSON path syntax to a non-array/non-object value
* **name (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a string value to set the field name. If not defined it will use the trailing word from the provided query.
* **type (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a string value to set the desired type (float, int, uint, string, bool). If not defined it won't enforce a type and default to using the original type defined in the JSON (bool, float, or string).

#### **tag**

Using this tag configuration you can gather a non-array/non-object values. Note this acts as a global tag when used with the `object` configuration, if you gather an array of values using `object` then the tag gathered will be added to each resulting line protocol without acknowledging its location in the original JSON. This is defined in TOML as an array table using double brackets.

* **path (REQUIRED)**: A string with valid GJSON path syntax to a non-array/non-object value
* **name (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a string value to set the field name. If not defined it will use the trailing word from the provided query.

For good examples in using `field` and `tag` you can reference the following example configs:

---

### object

With the configuration section `object`, you can gather values from [JSON objects](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_objects.asp). This is defined in TOML as an array table using double brackets.

#### The following keys can be set for `object`

* **path (REQUIRED)**: You must define the path query that gathers the object with [GJSON Path Syntax](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/v1.7.5/SYNTAX.md)

*Keys to define what JSON keys should be used as timestamps:*

* **timestamp_key(OPTIONAL)**: You can define a json key (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) for the value to be set as the timestamp from the JSON input.
* **timestamp_format (OPTIONAL, but REQUIRED when timestamp_query is defined**: Must be set to `unix`, `unix_ms`, `unix_us`, `unix_ns`, or
the Go "reference time" which is defined to be the specific time:
`Mon Jan 2 15:04:05 MST 2006`
* **timestamp_timezone (OPTIONAL, but REQUIRES timestamp_query**: This option should be set to a
[Unix TZ value](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones),
such as `America/New_York`, to `Local` to utilize the system timezone, or to `UTC`. Defaults to `UTC`

*Configuration to define what JSON keys should be included and how (field/tag):*

* **included_keys (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a list of key's that should be the only data included in the line protocol, by default it will include everything.
* **excluded_keys (OPTIONAL)**: You can define json keys to be excluded in the line protocol, for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores
* **tags (OPTIONAL)**: You can define json keys to be set as tags instead of fields, if you define a key that is an array or object then all nested values will become a tag
* **field (OPTIONAL, defined in TOML as an array table using double brackets)**: Identical to the [field](#field) table you can define, but with two key differences. The path supports arrays and objects and is defined under the object table and therefore will adhere to how the JSON is structured. You want to use this if you want the field/tag to be added as it would if it were in the included_key list, but then use the GJSON path syntax.
* **tag (OPTIONAL, defined in TOML as an array table using double brackets)**: Identical to the [tag](#tag) table you can define, but with two key differences. The path supports arrays and objects and is defined under the object table and therefore will adhere to how the JSON is structured. You want to use this if you want the field/tag to be added as it would if it were in the included_key list, but then use the GJSON path syntax.

*Configuration to modify the resutling line protocol:*

* **disable_prepend_keys (OPTIONAL)**: Set to true to prevent resulting nested data to contain the parent key prepended to its key **NOTE**: duplicate names can overwrite each other when this is enabled
* **renames (OPTIONAL, defined in TOML as a table using single bracket)**: A table matching the json key with the desired name (oppossed to defaulting to using the key), use names that include the prepended keys of its parent keys for nested results
* **fields (OPTIONAL, defined in TOML as a table using single bracket)**: A table matching the json key with the desired type (int,string,bool,float), if you define a key that is an array or object then all nested values will become that type

## Arrays and Objects

The following describes the high-level approach when parsing arrays and objects:

**Array**: Every element in an array is treated as a *separate* line protocol

**Object**: Every key/value in a object is treated as a *single* line protocol

When handling nested arrays and objects, these above rules continue to apply as the parser creates line protocol. When an object has multiple array's as values, the array's will become separate line protocol containing only non-array values from the obejct. Below you can see an example of this behavior, with an input json containing an array of book objects that has a nested array of characters.

Example JSON:

```json
{
    "book": {
        "title": "The Lord Of The Rings",
        "chapters": [
            "A Long-expected Party",
            "The Shadow of the Past"
        ],
        "author": "Tolkien",
        "characters": [
            {
                "name": "Bilbo",
                "species": "hobbit"
            },
            {
                "name": "Frodo",
                "species": "hobbit"
            }
        ],
        "random": [
            1,
            2
        ]
    }
}

```

Example configuration:

```toml
[[inputs.file]]
    files = ["./testdata/multiple_arrays_in_object/input.json"]
    data_format = "json_v2"
    [[inputs.file.json_v2]]
        [[inputs.file.json_v2.object]]
            path = "book"
            tags = ["title"]
            disable_prepend_keys = true
```

Expected line protocol:

```text
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",chapters="A Long-expected Party"
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",chapters="The Shadow of the Past"
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",name="Bilbo",species="hobbit"
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",name="Frodo",species="hobbit"
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",random=1
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",random=2

```

You can find more complicated examples under the folder `testdata`.

## Types

For each field you have the option to define the types. The following rules are in place for this configuration:

* If a type is explicitly defined, the parser will enforce this type and convert the data to the defined type if possible. If the type can't be converted then the parser will fail.
* If a type isn't defined, the parser will use the default type defined in the JSON (int, float, string)

The type values you can set:

* `int`, bool, floats or strings (with valid numbers) can be converted to a int.
* `uint`, bool, floats or strings (with valid numbers) can be converted to a uint.
* `string`, any data can be formatted as a string.
* `float`, string values (with valid numbers) or integers can be converted to a float.
* `bool`, the string values "true" or "false" (regardless of capitalization) or the integer values `0` or `1`  can be turned to a bool.

Commit message:

fix(parsers.json_v2): allow optional paths and handle wrong paths correctly (#10468)
(cherry picked from commit 75946f56f16837f237a80f90679fc9893753eba8)

plugins/parsers/json_v2/README.md, after:

# JSON Parser - Version 2

This parser takes valid JSON input and turns it into line protocol. The query syntax supported is [GJSON Path Syntax](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/v1.7.5/SYNTAX.md), you can go to this playground to test out your GJSON path here: [gjson.dev/](https://gjson.dev). You can find multiple examples under the `testdata` folder.

## Configuration

You configure this parser by describing the line protocol you want by defining the fields and tags from the input. The configuration is divided into config sub-tables called `field`, `tag`, and `object`. In the example below you can see all the possible configuration keys you can define for each config table. In the sections that follow these configuration keys are defined in more detail.

**Example configuration:**

```toml
 [[inputs.file]]
    urls = []
    data_format = "json_v2"
    [[inputs.file.json_v2]]
        measurement_name = "" # A string that will become the new measurement name
        measurement_name_path = "" # A string with valid GJSON path syntax, will override measurement_name
        timestamp_path = "" # A string with valid GJSON path syntax to a valid timestamp (single value)
        timestamp_format = "" # A string with a valid timestamp format (see below for possible values)
        timestamp_timezone = "" # A string with with a valid timezone (see below for possible values)
        [[inputs.file.json_v2.tag]]
            path = "" # A string with valid GJSON path syntax to a non-array/non-object value
            rename = "new name" # A string with a new name for the tag key
        [[inputs.file.json_v2.field]]
            path = "" # A string with valid GJSON path syntax to a non-array/non-object value
            rename = "new name" # A string with a new name for the tag key
            type = "int" # A string specifying the type (int,uint,float,string,bool)
        [[inputs.file.json_v2.object]]
            path = "" # A string with valid GJSON path syntax, can include array's and object's

            ## WARNING: Setting optional to true will suppress errors if the configured Path doesn't match the JSON
            ## This should be used with caution because it removes the safety net of verifying the provided path
            ## This was introduced to support situations when parsing multiple incoming JSON payloads with wildcards
            ## More context: https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/issues/10072
            optional = false

            ## Configuration to define what JSON keys should be used as timestamps ##
            timestamp_key = "" # A JSON key (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) to a valid timestamp
            timestamp_format = "" # A string with a valid timestamp format (see below for possible values)
            timestamp_timezone = "" # A string with with a valid timezone (see below for possible values)

            ### Configuration to define what JSON keys should be included and how (field/tag) ###
            tags = [] # List of JSON keys (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) to be a tag instead of a field, when adding a JSON key in this list you don't have to define it in the included_keys list
            included_keys = [] # List of JSON keys (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) that should be only included in result
            excluded_keys = [] # List of JSON keys (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) that shouldn't be included in result
            # When a tag/field sub-table is defined, they will be the only field/tag's along with any keys defined in the included_keys list.
            # If the resulting values aren't included in the object/array returned by the root object path, it won't be included.
            # You can define as many tag/field sub-tables as you want.
            [[inputs.file.json_v2.object.tag]]
                path = "" # # A string with valid GJSON path syntax, can include array's and object's
                rename = "new name" # A string with a new name for the tag key
            [[inputs.file.json_v2.object.field]]
                path = "" # # A string with valid GJSON path syntax, can include array's and object's
                rename = "new name" # A string with a new name for the tag key
                type = "int" # A string specifying the type (int,uint,float,string,bool)

            ### Configuration to modify the resutling line protocol ###
            disable_prepend_keys = false (or true, just not both)
            [inputs.file.json_v2.object.renames] # A map of JSON keys (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) with a new name for the tag key
                key = "new name"
            [inputs.file.json_v2.object.fields] # A map of JSON keys (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) with a type (int,uint,float,string,bool)
                key = "int"
```

---

### root config options

* **measurement_name (OPTIONAL)**:  Will set the measurement name to the provided string.
* **measurement_name_path (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a query with [GJSON Path Syntax](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/v1.7.5/SYNTAX.md) to set a measurement name from the JSON input. The query must return a single data value or it will use the default measurement name. This takes precedence over `measurement_name`.
* **timestamp_path (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a query with [GJSON Path Syntax](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/v1.7.5/SYNTAX.md) to set a timestamp from the JSON input. The query must return a single data value or it will default to the current time.
* **timestamp_format (OPTIONAL, but REQUIRED when timestamp_query is defined**: Must be set to `unix`, `unix_ms`, `unix_us`, `unix_ns`, or
the Go "reference time" which is defined to be the specific time:
`Mon Jan 2 15:04:05 MST 2006`
* **timestamp_timezone (OPTIONAL, but REQUIRES timestamp_query**: This option should be set to a
[Unix TZ value](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones),
such as `America/New_York`, to `Local` to utilize the system timezone, or to `UTC`. Defaults to `UTC`

---

### `field` and `tag` config options

`field` and `tag` represent the elements of [line protocol](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2.0/reference/syntax/line-protocol/). You can use the `field` and `tag` config tables to gather a single value or an array of values that all share the same type and name. With this you can add a field or tag to a line protocol from data stored anywhere in your JSON. If you define the GJSON path to return a single value then you will get a single resutling line protocol that contains the field/tag. If you define the GJSON path to return an array of values, then each field/tag will be put into a separate line protocol (you use the # character to retrieve JSON arrays, find examples [here](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/v1.7.5/SYNTAX.md#arrays)).

Note that objects are handled separately, therefore if you provide a path that returns a object it will be ignored. You will need use the `object` config table to parse objects, because `field` and `tag` doesn't handle relationships between data. Each `field` and `tag` you define is handled as a separate data point.

The notable difference between `field` and `tag`, is that `tag` values will always be type string while `field` can be multiple types. You can define the type of `field` to be any [type that line protocol supports](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2.0/reference/syntax/line-protocol/#data-types-and-format), which are:

* float
* int
* uint
* string
* bool

#### **field**

Using this field configuration you can gather a non-array/non-object values. Note this acts as a global field when used with the `object` configuration, if you gather an array of values using `object` then the field gathered will be added to each resulting line protocol without acknowledging its location in the original JSON. This is defined in TOML as an array table using double brackets.

* **path (REQUIRED)**: A string with valid GJSON path syntax to a non-array/non-object value
* **name (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a string value to set the field name. If not defined it will use the trailing word from the provided query.
* **type (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a string value to set the desired type (float, int, uint, string, bool). If not defined it won't enforce a type and default to using the original type defined in the JSON (bool, float, or string).

#### **tag**

Using this tag configuration you can gather a non-array/non-object values. Note this acts as a global tag when used with the `object` configuration, if you gather an array of values using `object` then the tag gathered will be added to each resulting line protocol without acknowledging its location in the original JSON. This is defined in TOML as an array table using double brackets.

* **path (REQUIRED)**: A string with valid GJSON path syntax to a non-array/non-object value
* **name (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a string value to set the field name. If not defined it will use the trailing word from the provided query.

For good examples in using `field` and `tag` you can reference the following example configs:

---

### object

With the configuration section `object`, you can gather values from [JSON objects](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_objects.asp). This is defined in TOML as an array table using double brackets.

#### The following keys can be set for `object`

* **path (REQUIRED)**: You must define the path query that gathers the object with [GJSON Path Syntax](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/v1.7.5/SYNTAX.md)

*Keys to define what JSON keys should be used as timestamps:*

* **timestamp_key(OPTIONAL)**: You can define a json key (for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores) for the value to be set as the timestamp from the JSON input.
* **timestamp_format (OPTIONAL, but REQUIRED when timestamp_query is defined**: Must be set to `unix`, `unix_ms`, `unix_us`, `unix_ns`, or
the Go "reference time" which is defined to be the specific time:
`Mon Jan 2 15:04:05 MST 2006`
* **timestamp_timezone (OPTIONAL, but REQUIRES timestamp_query**: This option should be set to a
[Unix TZ value](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones),
such as `America/New_York`, to `Local` to utilize the system timezone, or to `UTC`. Defaults to `UTC`

*Configuration to define what JSON keys should be included and how (field/tag):*

* **included_keys (OPTIONAL)**: You can define a list of key's that should be the only data included in the line protocol, by default it will include everything.
* **excluded_keys (OPTIONAL)**: You can define json keys to be excluded in the line protocol, for a nested key, prepend the parent keys with underscores
* **tags (OPTIONAL)**: You can define json keys to be set as tags instead of fields, if you define a key that is an array or object then all nested values will become a tag
* **field (OPTIONAL, defined in TOML as an array table using double brackets)**: Identical to the [field](#field) table you can define, but with two key differences. The path supports arrays and objects and is defined under the object table and therefore will adhere to how the JSON is structured. You want to use this if you want the field/tag to be added as it would if it were in the included_key list, but then use the GJSON path syntax.
* **tag (OPTIONAL, defined in TOML as an array table using double brackets)**: Identical to the [tag](#tag) table you can define, but with two key differences. The path supports arrays and objects and is defined under the object table and therefore will adhere to how the JSON is structured. You want to use this if you want the field/tag to be added as it would if it were in the included_key list, but then use the GJSON path syntax.

*Configuration to modify the resutling line protocol:*

* **disable_prepend_keys (OPTIONAL)**: Set to true to prevent resulting nested data to contain the parent key prepended to its key **NOTE**: duplicate names can overwrite each other when this is enabled
* **renames (OPTIONAL, defined in TOML as a table using single bracket)**: A table matching the json key with the desired name (oppossed to defaulting to using the key), use names that include the prepended keys of its parent keys for nested results
* **fields (OPTIONAL, defined in TOML as a table using single bracket)**: A table matching the json key with the desired type (int,string,bool,float), if you define a key that is an array or object then all nested values will become that type

## Arrays and Objects

The following describes the high-level approach when parsing arrays and objects:

**Array**: Every element in an array is treated as a *separate* line protocol

**Object**: Every key/value in a object is treated as a *single* line protocol

When handling nested arrays and objects, these above rules continue to apply as the parser creates line protocol. When an object has multiple array's as values, the array's will become separate line protocol containing only non-array values from the obejct. Below you can see an example of this behavior, with an input json containing an array of book objects that has a nested array of characters.

Example JSON:

```json
{
    "book": {
        "title": "The Lord Of The Rings",
        "chapters": [
            "A Long-expected Party",
            "The Shadow of the Past"
        ],
        "author": "Tolkien",
        "characters": [
            {
                "name": "Bilbo",
                "species": "hobbit"
            },
            {
                "name": "Frodo",
                "species": "hobbit"
            }
        ],
        "random": [
            1,
            2
        ]
    }
}

```

Example configuration:

```toml
[[inputs.file]]
    files = ["./testdata/multiple_arrays_in_object/input.json"]
    data_format = "json_v2"
    [[inputs.file.json_v2]]
        [[inputs.file.json_v2.object]]
            path = "book"
            tags = ["title"]
            disable_prepend_keys = true
```

Expected line protocol:

```text
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",chapters="A Long-expected Party"
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",chapters="The Shadow of the Past"
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",name="Bilbo",species="hobbit"
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",name="Frodo",species="hobbit"
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",random=1
file,title=The\ Lord\ Of\ The\ Rings author="Tolkien",random=2

```

You can find more complicated examples under the folder `testdata`.

## Types

For each field you have the option to define the types. The following rules are in place for this configuration:

* If a type is explicitly defined, the parser will enforce this type and convert the data to the defined type if possible. If the type can't be converted then the parser will fail.
* If a type isn't defined, the parser will use the default type defined in the JSON (int, float, string)

The type values you can set:

* `int`, bool, floats or strings (with valid numbers) can be converted to a int.
* `uint`, bool, floats or strings (with valid numbers) can be converted to a uint.
* `string`, any data can be formatted as a string.
* `float`, string values (with valid numbers) or integers can be converted to a float.
* `bool`, the string values "true" or "false" (regardless of capitalization) or the integer values `0` or `1`  can be turned to a bool.
