plugins/inputs/nginx_vts/README.md, before:

# Nginx Virtual Host Traffic (VTS) Input Plugin

This plugin gathers Nginx status using external virtual host traffic status
module - <https://github.com/vozlt/nginx-module-vts>. This is an Nginx module
that provides access to virtual host status information. It contains the current
status such as servers, upstreams, caches. This is similar to the live activity
monitoring of Nginx plus.  For module configuration details please see its
[documentation](https://github.com/vozlt/nginx-module-vts#synopsis).

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read Nginx virtual host traffic status module information (nginx-module-vts)
[[inputs.nginx_vts]]
  ## An array of ngx_http_status_module or status URI to gather stats.
  urls = ["http://localhost/status"]

  ## HTTP response timeout (default: 5s)
  response_timeout = "5s"

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false
```

## Metrics

- nginx_vts_connections
  - active
  - reading
  - writing
  - waiting
  - accepted
  - handled
  - requests
- nginx_vts_server, nginx_vts_filter
  - requests
  - request_time
  - in_bytes
  - out_bytes
  - response_1xx_count
  - response_2xx_count
  - response_3xx_count
  - response_4xx_count
  - response_5xx_count
  - cache_miss
  - cache_bypass
  - cache_expired
  - cache_stale
  - cache_updating
  - cache_revalidated
  - cache_hit
  - cache_scarce
- nginx_vts_upstream
  - requests
  - request_time
  - response_time
  - in_bytes
  - out_bytes
  - response_1xx_count
  - response_2xx_count
  - response_3xx_count
  - response_4xx_count
  - response_5xx_count
  - weight
  - max_fails
  - fail_timeout
  - backup
  - down
- nginx_vts_cache
  - max_bytes
  - used_bytes
  - in_bytes
  - out_bytes
  - miss
  - bypass
  - expired
  - stale
  - updating
  - revalidated
  - hit
  - scarce

### Tags

- nginx_vts_connections
  - source
  - port
- nginx_vts_server
  - source
  - port
  - zone
- nginx_vts_filter
  - source
  - port
  - filter_name
  - filter_key
- nginx_vts_upstream
  - source
  - port
  - upstream
  - upstream_address
- nginx_vts_cache
  - source
  - port
  - zone

## Example Output

Using this configuration:

```toml
[[inputs.nginx_vts]]
  ## An array of Nginx status URIs to gather stats.
  urls = ["http://localhost/status"]
```

When run with:

```sh
./telegraf -config telegraf.conf -input-filter nginx_vts -test
```

It produces:

```shell
nginx_vts_connections,source=localhost,port=80,host=localhost waiting=30i,accepted=295333i,handled=295333i,requests=6833487i,active=33i,reading=0i,writing=3i 1518341521000000000
nginx_vts_server,zone=example.com,port=80,host=localhost,source=localhost cache_hit=158915i,in_bytes=1935528964i,out_bytes=6531366419i,response_2xx_count=809994i,response_4xx_count=16664i,cache_bypass=0i,cache_stale=0i,cache_revalidated=0i,requests=2187977i,response_1xx_count=0i,response_3xx_count=1360390i,cache_miss=2249i,cache_updating=0i,cache_scarce=0i,request_time=13i,response_5xx_count=929i,cache_expired=0i 1518341521000000000
nginx_vts_server,host=localhost,source=localhost,port=80,zone=* requests=6775284i,in_bytes=5003242389i,out_bytes=36858233827i,cache_expired=318881i,cache_updating=0i,request_time=51i,response_1xx_count=0i,response_2xx_count=4385916i,response_4xx_count=83680i,response_5xx_count=1186i,cache_bypass=0i,cache_revalidated=0i,cache_hit=1972222i,cache_scarce=0i,response_3xx_count=2304502i,cache_miss=408251i,cache_stale=0i 1518341521000000000
nginx_vts_filter,filter_key=FI,filter_name=country,port=80,host=localhost,source=localhost request_time=0i,in_bytes=139701i,response_3xx_count=0i,out_bytes=2644495i,response_1xx_count=0i,cache_expired=0i,cache_scarce=0i,requests=179i,cache_miss=0i,cache_bypass=0i,cache_stale=0i,cache_updating=0i,cache_revalidated=0i,cache_hit=0i,response_2xx_count=177i,response_4xx_count=2i,response_5xx_count=0i 1518341521000000000
nginx_vts_upstream,port=80,host=localhost,upstream=backend_cluster,upstream_address=127.0.0.1:6000,source=localhost fail_timeout=10i,backup=false,request_time=31i,response_5xx_count=1081i,response_2xx_count=1877498i,max_fails=1i,in_bytes=2763336289i,out_bytes=19470265071i,weight=1i,down=false,response_time=31i,response_1xx_count=0i,response_4xx_count=76125i,requests=3379232i,response_3xx_count=1424528i 1518341521000000000
nginx_vts_cache,source=localhost,port=80,host=localhost,zone=example stale=0i,used_bytes=64334336i,miss=394573i,bypass=0i,expired=318788i,updating=0i,revalidated=0i,hit=689883i,scarce=0i,max_bytes=9223372036854775296i,in_bytes=1111161581i,out_bytes=19175548290i 1518341521000000000
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/inputs/nginx_vts/README.md, after:

# Nginx Virtual Host Traffic (VTS) Input Plugin

This plugin gathers Nginx status using external virtual host traffic status
module - <https://github.com/vozlt/nginx-module-vts>. This is an Nginx module
that provides access to virtual host status information. It contains the current
status such as servers, upstreams, caches. This is similar to the live activity
monitoring of Nginx plus.  For module configuration details please see its
[documentation](https://github.com/vozlt/nginx-module-vts#synopsis).

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read Nginx virtual host traffic status module information (nginx-module-vts)
[[inputs.nginx_vts]]
  ## An array of ngx_http_status_module or status URI to gather stats.
  urls = ["http://localhost/status"]

  ## HTTP response timeout (default: 5s)
  response_timeout = "5s"

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false
```

## Metrics

- nginx_vts_connections
  - active
  - reading
  - writing
  - waiting
  - accepted
  - handled
  - requests
- nginx_vts_server, nginx_vts_filter
  - requests
  - request_time
  - in_bytes
  - out_bytes
  - response_1xx_count
  - response_2xx_count
  - response_3xx_count
  - response_4xx_count
  - response_5xx_count
  - cache_miss
  - cache_bypass
  - cache_expired
  - cache_stale
  - cache_updating
  - cache_revalidated
  - cache_hit
  - cache_scarce
- nginx_vts_upstream
  - requests
  - request_time
  - response_time
  - in_bytes
  - out_bytes
  - response_1xx_count
  - response_2xx_count
  - response_3xx_count
  - response_4xx_count
  - response_5xx_count
  - weight
  - max_fails
  - fail_timeout
  - backup
  - down
- nginx_vts_cache
  - max_bytes
  - used_bytes
  - in_bytes
  - out_bytes
  - miss
  - bypass
  - expired
  - stale
  - updating
  - revalidated
  - hit
  - scarce

### Tags

- nginx_vts_connections
  - source
  - port
- nginx_vts_server
  - source
  - port
  - zone
- nginx_vts_filter
  - source
  - port
  - filter_name
  - filter_key
- nginx_vts_upstream
  - source
  - port
  - upstream
  - upstream_address
- nginx_vts_cache
  - source
  - port
  - zone

## Example Output

Using this configuration:

```toml
[[inputs.nginx_vts]]
  ## An array of Nginx status URIs to gather stats.
  urls = ["http://localhost/status"]
```

When run with:

```sh
./telegraf -config telegraf.conf -input-filter nginx_vts -test
```

It produces:

```shell
nginx_vts_connections,source=localhost,port=80,host=localhost waiting=30i,accepted=295333i,handled=295333i,requests=6833487i,active=33i,reading=0i,writing=3i 1518341521000000000
nginx_vts_server,zone=example.com,port=80,host=localhost,source=localhost cache_hit=158915i,in_bytes=1935528964i,out_bytes=6531366419i,response_2xx_count=809994i,response_4xx_count=16664i,cache_bypass=0i,cache_stale=0i,cache_revalidated=0i,requests=2187977i,response_1xx_count=0i,response_3xx_count=1360390i,cache_miss=2249i,cache_updating=0i,cache_scarce=0i,request_time=13i,response_5xx_count=929i,cache_expired=0i 1518341521000000000
nginx_vts_server,host=localhost,source=localhost,port=80,zone=* requests=6775284i,in_bytes=5003242389i,out_bytes=36858233827i,cache_expired=318881i,cache_updating=0i,request_time=51i,response_1xx_count=0i,response_2xx_count=4385916i,response_4xx_count=83680i,response_5xx_count=1186i,cache_bypass=0i,cache_revalidated=0i,cache_hit=1972222i,cache_scarce=0i,response_3xx_count=2304502i,cache_miss=408251i,cache_stale=0i 1518341521000000000
nginx_vts_filter,filter_key=FI,filter_name=country,port=80,host=localhost,source=localhost request_time=0i,in_bytes=139701i,response_3xx_count=0i,out_bytes=2644495i,response_1xx_count=0i,cache_expired=0i,cache_scarce=0i,requests=179i,cache_miss=0i,cache_bypass=0i,cache_stale=0i,cache_updating=0i,cache_revalidated=0i,cache_hit=0i,response_2xx_count=177i,response_4xx_count=2i,response_5xx_count=0i 1518341521000000000
nginx_vts_upstream,port=80,host=localhost,upstream=backend_cluster,upstream_address=127.0.0.1:6000,source=localhost fail_timeout=10i,backup=false,request_time=31i,response_5xx_count=1081i,response_2xx_count=1877498i,max_fails=1i,in_bytes=2763336289i,out_bytes=19470265071i,weight=1i,down=false,response_time=31i,response_1xx_count=0i,response_4xx_count=76125i,requests=3379232i,response_3xx_count=1424528i 1518341521000000000
nginx_vts_cache,source=localhost,port=80,host=localhost,zone=example stale=0i,used_bytes=64334336i,miss=394573i,bypass=0i,expired=318788i,updating=0i,revalidated=0i,hit=689883i,scarce=0i,max_bytes=9223372036854775296i,in_bytes=1111161581i,out_bytes=19175548290i 1518341521000000000
```
