plugins/inputs/pgbouncer/README.md, before:

# PgBouncer Input Plugin

The `pgbouncer` plugin provides metrics for your PgBouncer load balancer.

More information about the meaning of these metrics can be found in the
[PgBouncer Documentation](https://pgbouncer.github.io/usage.html).

- PgBouncer minimum tested version: 1.5

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from one or many pgbouncer servers
[[inputs.pgbouncer]]
  ## specify address via a url matching:
  ##   postgres://[pqgotest[:password]]@host:port[/dbname]\
  ##       ?sslmode=[disable|verify-ca|verify-full]
  ## or a simple string:
  ##   host=localhost port=5432 user=pqgotest password=... sslmode=... dbname=app_production
  ##
  ## All connection parameters are optional.
  ##
  address = "host=localhost user=pgbouncer sslmode=disable"
```

### `address`

Specify address via a postgresql connection string:

```text
host=/run/postgresql port=6432 user=telegraf database=pgbouncer
```

Or via an url matching:

```text
postgres://[pqgotest[:password]]@host:port[/dbname]?sslmode=[disable|verify-ca|verify-full]
```

All connection parameters are optional.

Without the dbname parameter, the driver will default to a database with the
same name as the user.  This dbname is just for instantiating a connection with
the server and doesn't restrict the databases we are trying to grab metrics for.

## Metrics

- pgbouncer
  - tags:
    - db
    - server
  - fields:
    - avg_query_count
    - avg_query_time
    - avg_wait_time
    - avg_xact_count
    - avg_xact_time
    - total_query_count
    - total_query_time
    - total_received
    - total_sent
    - total_wait_time
    - total_xact_count
    - total_xact_time

- pgbouncer_pools
  - tags:
    - db
    - pool_mode
    - server
    - user
  - fields:
    - cl_active
    - cl_waiting
    - maxwait
    - maxwait_us
    - sv_active
    - sv_idle
    - sv_login
    - sv_tested
    - sv_used

## Example Output

```shell
pgbouncer,db=pgbouncer,server=host\=debian-buster-postgres\ user\=dbn\ port\=6432\ dbname\=pgbouncer\  avg_query_count=0i,avg_query_time=0i,avg_wait_time=0i,avg_xact_count=0i,avg_xact_time=0i,total_query_count=26i,total_query_time=0i,total_received=0i,total_sent=0i,total_wait_time=0i,total_xact_count=26i,total_xact_time=0i 1581569936000000000
pgbouncer_pools,db=pgbouncer,pool_mode=statement,server=host\=debian-buster-postgres\ user\=dbn\ port\=6432\ dbname\=pgbouncer\ ,user=pgbouncer cl_active=1i,cl_waiting=0i,maxwait=0i,maxwait_us=0i,sv_active=0i,sv_idle=0i,sv_login=0i,sv_tested=0i,sv_used=0i 1581569936000000000
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/inputs/pgbouncer/README.md, after:

# PgBouncer Input Plugin

The `pgbouncer` plugin provides metrics for your PgBouncer load balancer.

More information about the meaning of these metrics can be found in the
[PgBouncer Documentation](https://pgbouncer.github.io/usage.html).

- PgBouncer minimum tested version: 1.5

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from one or many pgbouncer servers
[[inputs.pgbouncer]]
  ## specify address via a url matching:
  ##   postgres://[pqgotest[:password]]@host:port[/dbname]\
  ##       ?sslmode=[disable|verify-ca|verify-full]
  ## or a simple string:
  ##   host=localhost port=5432 user=pqgotest password=... sslmode=... dbname=app_production
  ##
  ## All connection parameters are optional.
  ##
  address = "host=localhost user=pgbouncer sslmode=disable"
```

### `address`

Specify address via a postgresql connection string:

```text
host=/run/postgresql port=6432 user=telegraf database=pgbouncer
```

Or via an url matching:

```text
postgres://[pqgotest[:password]]@host:port[/dbname]?sslmode=[disable|verify-ca|verify-full]
```

All connection parameters are optional.

Without the dbname parameter, the driver will default to a database with the
same name as the user.  This dbname is just for instantiating a connection with
the server and doesn't restrict the databases we are trying to grab metrics for.

## Metrics

- pgbouncer
  - tags:
    - db
    - server
  - fields:
    - avg_query_count
    - avg_query_time
    - avg_wait_time
    - avg_xact_count
    - avg_xact_time
    - total_query_count
    - total_query_time
    - total_received
    - total_sent
    - total_wait_time
    - total_xact_count
    - total_xact_time

- pgbouncer_pools
  - tags:
    - db
    - pool_mode
    - server
    - user
  - fields:
    - cl_active
    - cl_waiting
    - maxwait
    - maxwait_us
    - sv_active
    - sv_idle
    - sv_login
    - sv_tested
    - sv_used

## Example Output

```shell
pgbouncer,db=pgbouncer,server=host\=debian-buster-postgres\ user\=dbn\ port\=6432\ dbname\=pgbouncer\  avg_query_count=0i,avg_query_time=0i,avg_wait_time=0i,avg_xact_count=0i,avg_xact_time=0i,total_query_count=26i,total_query_time=0i,total_received=0i,total_sent=0i,total_wait_time=0i,total_xact_count=26i,total_xact_time=0i 1581569936000000000
pgbouncer_pools,db=pgbouncer,pool_mode=statement,server=host\=debian-buster-postgres\ user\=dbn\ port\=6432\ dbname\=pgbouncer\ ,user=pgbouncer cl_active=1i,cl_waiting=0i,maxwait=0i,maxwait_us=0i,sv_active=0i,sv_idle=0i,sv_login=0i,sv_tested=0i,sv_used=0i 1581569936000000000
```
