plugins/inputs/nats_consumer/README.md, before:

# NATS Consumer Input Plugin

The [NATS][nats] consumer plugin reads from the specified NATS subjects and
creates metrics using one of the supported [input data formats][].

A [Queue Group][queue group] is used when subscribing to subjects so multiple
instances of telegraf can read from a NATS cluster in parallel.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from NATS subject(s)
[[inputs.nats_consumer]]
  ## urls of NATS servers
  servers = ["nats://localhost:4222"]

  ## subject(s) to consume
  ## If you use jetstream you need to set the subjects
  ## in jetstream_subjects
  subjects = ["telegraf"]

  ## jetstream subjects
  ## jetstream is a streaming technology inside of nats.
  ## With jetstream the nats-server persists messages and 
  ## a consumer can consume historical messages. This is
  ## useful when telegraf needs to restart it don't miss a 
  ## message. You need to configure the nats-server.
  ## https://docs.nats.io/nats-concepts/jetstream.
  jetstream_subjects = ["js_telegraf"]

  ## name a queue group
  queue_group = "telegraf_consumers"

  ## Optional credentials
  # username = ""
  # password = ""

  ## Optional NATS 2.0 and NATS NGS compatible user credentials
  # credentials = "/etc/telegraf/nats.creds"

  ## Use Transport Layer Security
  # secure = false

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false

  ## Sets the limits for pending msgs and bytes for each subscription
  ## These shouldn't need to be adjusted except in very high throughput scenarios
  # pending_message_limit = 65536
  # pending_bytes_limit = 67108864

  ## Maximum messages to read from the broker that have not been written by an
  ## output.  For best throughput set based on the number of metrics within
  ## each message and the size of the output's metric_batch_size.
  ##
  ## For example, if each message from the queue contains 10 metrics and the
  ## output metric_batch_size is 1000, setting this to 100 will ensure that a
  ## full batch is collected and the write is triggered immediately without
  ## waiting until the next flush_interval.
  # max_undelivered_messages = 1000

  ## Data format to consume.
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```

[nats]: https://www.nats.io/about/
[input data formats]: /docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
[queue group]: https://www.nats.io/documentation/concepts/nats-queueing/

## Metrics

Which data you will get depends on the subjects you consume from nats

## Example Output

Depends on the nats subject input
nats_consumer,host=[] value=1.9 1655972309339341000

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/inputs/nats_consumer/README.md, after:

# NATS Consumer Input Plugin

The [NATS][nats] consumer plugin reads from the specified NATS subjects and
creates metrics using one of the supported [input data formats][].

A [Queue Group][queue group] is used when subscribing to subjects so multiple
instances of telegraf can read from a NATS cluster in parallel.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from NATS subject(s)
[[inputs.nats_consumer]]
  ## urls of NATS servers
  servers = ["nats://localhost:4222"]

  ## subject(s) to consume
  ## If you use jetstream you need to set the subjects
  ## in jetstream_subjects
  subjects = ["telegraf"]

  ## jetstream subjects
  ## jetstream is a streaming technology inside of nats.
  ## With jetstream the nats-server persists messages and 
  ## a consumer can consume historical messages. This is
  ## useful when telegraf needs to restart it don't miss a 
  ## message. You need to configure the nats-server.
  ## https://docs.nats.io/nats-concepts/jetstream.
  jetstream_subjects = ["js_telegraf"]

  ## name a queue group
  queue_group = "telegraf_consumers"

  ## Optional credentials
  # username = ""
  # password = ""

  ## Optional NATS 2.0 and NATS NGS compatible user credentials
  # credentials = "/etc/telegraf/nats.creds"

  ## Use Transport Layer Security
  # secure = false

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false

  ## Sets the limits for pending msgs and bytes for each subscription
  ## These shouldn't need to be adjusted except in very high throughput scenarios
  # pending_message_limit = 65536
  # pending_bytes_limit = 67108864

  ## Maximum messages to read from the broker that have not been written by an
  ## output.  For best throughput set based on the number of metrics within
  ## each message and the size of the output's metric_batch_size.
  ##
  ## For example, if each message from the queue contains 10 metrics and the
  ## output metric_batch_size is 1000, setting this to 100 will ensure that a
  ## full batch is collected and the write is triggered immediately without
  ## waiting until the next flush_interval.
  # max_undelivered_messages = 1000

  ## Data format to consume.
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```

[nats]: https://www.nats.io/about/
[input data formats]: /docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
[queue group]: https://www.nats.io/documentation/concepts/nats-queueing/

## Metrics

Which data you will get depends on the subjects you consume from nats

## Example Output

Depends on the nats subject input
nats_consumer,host=[] value=1.9 1655972309339341000
