plugins/outputs/datadog/README.md, before:

# Datadog Output Plugin

This plugin writes to the [Datadog Metrics API][metrics] and requires an
`apikey` which can be obtained [here][apikey] for the account.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Configuration for DataDog API to send metrics to.
[[outputs.datadog]]
  ## Datadog API key
  apikey = "my-secret-key"

  ## Connection timeout.
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Write URL override; useful for debugging.
  # url = "https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v1/series"

  ## Set http_proxy
  # use_system_proxy = false
  # http_proxy_url = "http://localhost:8888"

  ## Override the default (none) compression used to send data.
  ## Supports: "zlib", "none"
  # compression = "none"
```

## Metrics

Datadog metric names are formed by joining the Telegraf metric name and the
field key with a `.` character.

Field values are converted to floating point numbers.  Strings and floats that
cannot be sent over JSON, namely NaN and Inf, are ignored.

We do not send `Rate` types. Counts are sent as `count`, with an
interval hard-coded to 1. Note that this behavior does *not* play
super-well if running simultaneously with current Datadog agents; they
will attempt to change to `Rate` with `interval=10`. We prefer this
method, however, as it reflects the raw data more accurately.

[metrics]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/#submit-metrics
[apikey]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/outputs/datadog/README.md, after:

# Datadog Output Plugin

This plugin writes to the [Datadog Metrics API][metrics] and requires an
`apikey` which can be obtained [here][apikey] for the account.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Configuration for DataDog API to send metrics to.
[[outputs.datadog]]
  ## Datadog API key
  apikey = "my-secret-key"

  ## Connection timeout.
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Write URL override; useful for debugging.
  # url = "https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v1/series"

  ## Set http_proxy
  # use_system_proxy = false
  # http_proxy_url = "http://localhost:8888"

  ## Override the default (none) compression used to send data.
  ## Supports: "zlib", "none"
  # compression = "none"
```

## Metrics

Datadog metric names are formed by joining the Telegraf metric name and the
field key with a `.` character.

Field values are converted to floating point numbers.  Strings and floats that
cannot be sent over JSON, namely NaN and Inf, are ignored.

We do not send `Rate` types. Counts are sent as `count`, with an
interval hard-coded to 1. Note that this behavior does *not* play
super-well if running simultaneously with current Datadog agents; they
will attempt to change to `Rate` with `interval=10`. We prefer this
method, however, as it reflects the raw data more accurately.

[metrics]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/#submit-metrics
[apikey]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api
