plugins/inputs/wireless/README.md, before:

# Wireless Input Plugin

The wireless plugin gathers metrics about wireless link quality by reading the
`/proc/net/wireless` file. This plugin currently supports linux only.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Monitor wifi signal strength and quality
[[inputs.wireless]]
  ## Sets 'proc' directory path
  ## If not specified, then default is /proc
  # host_proc = "/proc"
```

## Metrics

- metric
  - tags:
    - interface (wireless interface)
  - fields:
    - status (int64, gauge) - Its current state. This is a device dependent information
    - link (int64, percentage, gauge) - general quality of the reception
    - level (int64, dBm, gauge) - signal strength at the receiver
    - noise (int64, dBm, gauge) - silence level (no packet) at the receiver
    - nwid (int64, packets, counter) - number of discarded packets due to invalid network id
    - crypt (int64, packets, counter) - number of packet unable to decrypt
    - frag (int64, packets, counter) - fragmented packets
    - retry (int64, packets, counter) - cumulative retry counts
    - misc (int64, packets, counter) - dropped for un-specified reason
    - missed_beacon (int64, packets, counter) - missed beacon packets

## Example Output

This section shows example output in Line Protocol format.

```shell
wireless,host=example.localdomain,interface=wlan0 misc=0i,frag=0i,link=60i,level=-50i,noise=-256i,nwid=0i,crypt=0i,retry=1525i,missed_beacon=0i,status=0i 1519843022000000000
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/inputs/wireless/README.md, after:

# Wireless Input Plugin

The wireless plugin gathers metrics about wireless link quality by reading the
`/proc/net/wireless` file. This plugin currently supports linux only.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Monitor wifi signal strength and quality
[[inputs.wireless]]
  ## Sets 'proc' directory path
  ## If not specified, then default is /proc
  # host_proc = "/proc"
```

## Metrics

- metric
  - tags:
    - interface (wireless interface)
  - fields:
    - status (int64, gauge) - Its current state. This is a device dependent information
    - link (int64, percentage, gauge) - general quality of the reception
    - level (int64, dBm, gauge) - signal strength at the receiver
    - noise (int64, dBm, gauge) - silence level (no packet) at the receiver
    - nwid (int64, packets, counter) - number of discarded packets due to invalid network id
    - crypt (int64, packets, counter) - number of packet unable to decrypt
    - frag (int64, packets, counter) - fragmented packets
    - retry (int64, packets, counter) - cumulative retry counts
    - misc (int64, packets, counter) - dropped for un-specified reason
    - missed_beacon (int64, packets, counter) - missed beacon packets

## Example Output

This section shows example output in Line Protocol format.

```shell
wireless,host=example.localdomain,interface=wlan0 misc=0i,frag=0i,link=60i,level=-50i,noise=-256i,nwid=0i,crypt=0i,retry=1525i,missed_beacon=0i,status=0i 1519843022000000000
```
