plugins/inputs/puppetagent/README.md, before:

# PuppetAgent Input Plugin

The puppetagent plugin collects variables outputted from the
'last_run_summary.yaml' file usually located in `/var/lib/puppet/state/`
[PuppetAgent Runs][1].

```sh
cat /var/lib/puppet/state/last_run_summary.yaml

---
  events:
    failure: 0
    total: 0
    success: 0
  resources:
    failed: 0
    scheduled: 0
    changed: 0
    skipped: 0
    total: 109
    failed_to_restart: 0
    restarted: 0
    out_of_sync: 0
  changes:
    total: 0
  time:
    user: 0.004331
    schedule: 0.001123
    filebucket: 0.000353
    file: 0.441472
    exec: 0.508123
    anchor: 0.000555
    yumrepo: 0.006989
    ssh_authorized_key: 0.000764
    service: 1.807795
    package: 1.325788
    total: 8.85354707064819
    config_retrieval: 4.75567007064819
    last_run: 1444936531
    cron: 0.000584
  version:
    config: 1444936521
    puppet: "3.7.5"
```

```sh
jcross@pit-devops-02 ~ >sudo ./telegraf_linux_amd64 --input-filter puppetagent --config tele.conf --test
* Plugin: puppetagent, Collection 1
> [] puppetagent_events_failure value=0
> [] puppetagent_events_total value=0
> [] puppetagent_events_success value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_failed value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_scheduled value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_changed value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_skipped value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_total value=109
> [] puppetagent_resources_failedtorestart value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_restarted value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_outofsync value=0
> [] puppetagent_changes_total value=0
> [] puppetagent_time_user value=0.00393
> [] puppetagent_time_schedule value=0.001234
> [] puppetagent_time_filebucket value=0.000244
> [] puppetagent_time_file value=0.587734
> [] puppetagent_time_exec value=0.389584
> [] puppetagent_time_anchor value=0.000399
> [] puppetagent_time_sshauthorizedkey value=0.000655
> [] puppetagent_time_service value=0
> [] puppetagent_time_package value=1.297537
> [] puppetagent_time_total value=9.45297606225586
> [] puppetagent_time_configretrieval value=5.89822006225586
> [] puppetagent_time_lastrun value=1444940131
> [] puppetagent_time_cron value=0.000646
> [] puppetagent_version_config value=1444940121
> [] puppetagent_version_puppet value=3.7.5
```

[1]: https://puppet.com/blog/puppet-monitoring-how-to-monitor-success-or-failure-of-puppet-runs/

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Reads last_run_summary.yaml file and converts to measurements
[[inputs.puppetagent]]
  ## Location of puppet last run summary file
  location = "/var/lib/puppet/state/last_run_summary.yaml"
```

## Measurements

### PuppetAgent int64 measurements

Meta:

- units: int64
- tags: ``

Measurement names:

- puppetagent_changes_total
- puppetagent_events_failure
- puppetagent_events_total
- puppetagent_events_success
- puppetagent_resources_changed
- puppetagent_resources_corrective_change
- puppetagent_resources_failed
- puppetagent_resources_failedtorestart
- puppetagent_resources_outofsync
- puppetagent_resources_restarted
- puppetagent_resources_scheduled
- puppetagent_resources_skipped
- puppetagent_resources_total
- puppetagent_time_service
- puppetagent_time_lastrun
- puppetagent_version_config

### PuppetAgent float64 measurements

Meta:

- units: float64
- tags: ``

Measurement names:

- puppetagent_time_anchor
- puppetagent_time_catalogapplication
- puppetagent_time_configretrieval
- puppetagent_time_convertcatalog
- puppetagent_time_cron
- puppetagent_time_exec
- puppetagent_time_factgeneration
- puppetagent_time_file
- puppetagent_time_filebucket
- puppetagent_time_group
- puppetagent_time_lastrun
- puppetagent_time_noderetrieval
- puppetagent_time_notify
- puppetagent_time_package
- puppetagent_time_pluginsync
- puppetagent_time_schedule
- puppetagent_time_sshauthorizedkey
- puppetagent_time_total
- puppetagent_time_transactionevaluation
- puppetagent_time_user
- puppetagent_version_config

### PuppetAgent string measurements

Meta:

- units: string
- tags: ``

Measurement names:

- puppetagent_version_puppet

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/inputs/puppetagent/README.md, after:

# PuppetAgent Input Plugin

The puppetagent plugin collects variables outputted from the
'last_run_summary.yaml' file usually located in `/var/lib/puppet/state/`
[PuppetAgent Runs][1].

```sh
cat /var/lib/puppet/state/last_run_summary.yaml

---
  events:
    failure: 0
    total: 0
    success: 0
  resources:
    failed: 0
    scheduled: 0
    changed: 0
    skipped: 0
    total: 109
    failed_to_restart: 0
    restarted: 0
    out_of_sync: 0
  changes:
    total: 0
  time:
    user: 0.004331
    schedule: 0.001123
    filebucket: 0.000353
    file: 0.441472
    exec: 0.508123
    anchor: 0.000555
    yumrepo: 0.006989
    ssh_authorized_key: 0.000764
    service: 1.807795
    package: 1.325788
    total: 8.85354707064819
    config_retrieval: 4.75567007064819
    last_run: 1444936531
    cron: 0.000584
  version:
    config: 1444936521
    puppet: "3.7.5"
```

```sh
jcross@pit-devops-02 ~ >sudo ./telegraf_linux_amd64 --input-filter puppetagent --config tele.conf --test
* Plugin: puppetagent, Collection 1
> [] puppetagent_events_failure value=0
> [] puppetagent_events_total value=0
> [] puppetagent_events_success value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_failed value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_scheduled value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_changed value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_skipped value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_total value=109
> [] puppetagent_resources_failedtorestart value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_restarted value=0
> [] puppetagent_resources_outofsync value=0
> [] puppetagent_changes_total value=0
> [] puppetagent_time_user value=0.00393
> [] puppetagent_time_schedule value=0.001234
> [] puppetagent_time_filebucket value=0.000244
> [] puppetagent_time_file value=0.587734
> [] puppetagent_time_exec value=0.389584
> [] puppetagent_time_anchor value=0.000399
> [] puppetagent_time_sshauthorizedkey value=0.000655
> [] puppetagent_time_service value=0
> [] puppetagent_time_package value=1.297537
> [] puppetagent_time_total value=9.45297606225586
> [] puppetagent_time_configretrieval value=5.89822006225586
> [] puppetagent_time_lastrun value=1444940131
> [] puppetagent_time_cron value=0.000646
> [] puppetagent_version_config value=1444940121
> [] puppetagent_version_puppet value=3.7.5
```

[1]: https://puppet.com/blog/puppet-monitoring-how-to-monitor-success-or-failure-of-puppet-runs/

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Reads last_run_summary.yaml file and converts to measurements
[[inputs.puppetagent]]
  ## Location of puppet last run summary file
  location = "/var/lib/puppet/state/last_run_summary.yaml"
```

## Measurements

### PuppetAgent int64 measurements

Meta:

- units: int64
- tags: ``

Measurement names:

- puppetagent_changes_total
- puppetagent_events_failure
- puppetagent_events_total
- puppetagent_events_success
- puppetagent_resources_changed
- puppetagent_resources_corrective_change
- puppetagent_resources_failed
- puppetagent_resources_failedtorestart
- puppetagent_resources_outofsync
- puppetagent_resources_restarted
- puppetagent_resources_scheduled
- puppetagent_resources_skipped
- puppetagent_resources_total
- puppetagent_time_service
- puppetagent_time_lastrun
- puppetagent_version_config

### PuppetAgent float64 measurements

Meta:

- units: float64
- tags: ``

Measurement names:

- puppetagent_time_anchor
- puppetagent_time_catalogapplication
- puppetagent_time_configretrieval
- puppetagent_time_convertcatalog
- puppetagent_time_cron
- puppetagent_time_exec
- puppetagent_time_factgeneration
- puppetagent_time_file
- puppetagent_time_filebucket
- puppetagent_time_group
- puppetagent_time_lastrun
- puppetagent_time_noderetrieval
- puppetagent_time_notify
- puppetagent_time_package
- puppetagent_time_pluginsync
- puppetagent_time_schedule
- puppetagent_time_sshauthorizedkey
- puppetagent_time_total
- puppetagent_time_transactionevaluation
- puppetagent_time_user
- puppetagent_version_config

### PuppetAgent string measurements

Meta:

- units: string
- tags: ``

Measurement names:

- puppetagent_version_puppet
