plugins/inputs/aliyuncms/README.md, before:

# Alibaba (Aliyun) CloudMonitor Service Statistics Input Plugin

Here and after we use `Aliyun` instead `Alibaba` as it is default naming
across web console and docs.

This plugin will pull metric statistics from Aliyun CMS.

## Aliyun Authentication

This plugin uses an [AccessKey][1] credential for Authentication with the
Aliyun OpenAPI endpoint.  In the following order the plugin will attempt
to authenticate.

1. Ram RoleARN credential if `access_key_id`, `access_key_secret`, `role_arn`,
   `role_session_name` is specified
2. AccessKey STS token credential if `access_key_id`, `access_key_secret`,
   `access_key_sts_token` is specified
3. AccessKey credential if `access_key_id`, `access_key_secret` is specified
4. Ecs Ram Role Credential if `role_name` is specified
5. RSA keypair credential if `private_key`, `public_key_id` is specified
6. Environment variables credential
7. Instance metadata credential

[1]: https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/53045.htm?spm=a2c63.p38356.b99.127.5cba21fdt5MJKr&parentId=28572

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Pull Metric Statistics from Aliyun CMS
[[inputs.aliyuncms]]
  ## Aliyun Credentials
  ## Credentials are loaded in the following order
  ## 1) Ram RoleArn credential
  ## 2) AccessKey STS token credential
  ## 3) AccessKey credential
  ## 4) Ecs Ram Role credential
  ## 5) RSA keypair credential
  ## 6) Environment variables credential
  ## 7) Instance metadata credential

  # access_key_id = ""
  # access_key_secret = ""
  # access_key_sts_token = ""
  # role_arn = ""
  # role_session_name = ""
  # private_key = ""
  # public_key_id = ""
  # role_name = ""

  ## Specify ali cloud regions to be queried for metric and object discovery
  ## If not set, all supported regions (see below) would be covered, it can
  ## provide a significant load on API, so the recommendation here is to
  ## limit the list as much as possible.
  ## Allowed values: https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/zh/doc-detail/40654.htm
  ## Default supported regions are:
  ##   cn-qingdao,cn-beijing,cn-zhangjiakou,cn-huhehaote,cn-hangzhou,
  ##   cn-shanghai, cn-shenzhen, cn-heyuan,cn-chengdu,cn-hongkong,
  ##   ap-southeast-1,ap-southeast-2,ap-southeast-3,ap-southeast-5,
  ##   ap-south-1,ap-northeast-1, us-west-1,us-east-1,eu-central-1,
  ##   eu-west-1,me-east-1
  ##
  ## From discovery perspective it set the scope for object discovery,
  ## the discovered info can be used to enrich the metrics with objects
  ##  attributes/tags. Discovery is not supported for all projects.
  ## Currently, discovery supported for the following projects:
  ## - acs_ecs_dashboard
  ## - acs_rds_dashboard
  ## - acs_slb_dashboard
  ## - acs_vpc_eip
  regions = ["cn-hongkong"]

  ## Requested AliyunCMS aggregation Period (required)
  ## The period must be multiples of 60s and the minimum for AliyunCMS metrics
  ## is 1 minute (60s). However not all metrics are made available to the
  ## one minute period. Some are collected at 3 minute, 5 minute, or larger
  ## intervals.
  ## See: https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/51936.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.2.18.2bc1750eeOw1Pv
  ## Note that if a period is configured that is smaller than the minimum for
  ## a particular metric, that metric will not be returned by Aliyun's
  ## OpenAPI and will not be collected by Telegraf.
  period = "5m"

  ## Collection Delay (required)
  ## The delay must account for metrics availability via AliyunCMS API.
  delay = "1m"

  ## Recommended: use metric 'interval' that is a multiple of 'period'
  ## to avoid gaps or overlap in pulled data
  interval = "5m"

  ## Metric Statistic Project (required)
  project = "acs_slb_dashboard"

  ## Maximum requests per second, default value is 200
  ratelimit = 200

  ## How often the discovery API call executed (default 1m)
  #discovery_interval = "1m"

  ## Metrics to Pull (Required)
  [[inputs.aliyuncms.metrics]]
  ## Metrics names to be requested,
  ## Description can be found here (per project):
  ## https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/28619.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.6.690.1938ad41wg8QSq
  names = ["InstanceActiveConnection", "InstanceNewConnection"]

  ## Dimension filters for Metric (optional).
  ## This allows to get additional metric dimension. If dimension is not
  ## specified it can be returned or the data can be aggregated - it depends
  ## on particular metric, you can find details here:
  ## https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/28619.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.6.690.1938ad41wg8QSq
  ##
  ## Note, that by default dimension filter includes the list of discovered
  ## objects in scope (if discovery is enabled).
  # Values specified here would be added into the list of discovered objects.
  ## You can specify either single dimension:
  #dimensions = '{"instanceId": "p-example"}'

  ## Or you can specify several dimensions at once:
  #dimensions = '[{"instanceId": "p-example"},{"instanceId": "q-example"}]'

  ## Enrichment tags, can be added from discovery (if supported)
  ## Notation is <measurement_tag_name>:<JMES query path (https://jmespath.org/tutorial.html)>
  ## To figure out which fields are available, consult the Describe<ObjectType>
  ## API per project.
  ## For example, for SLB: https://api.aliyun.com/#/?product=Slb&version=2014-05-15&api=DescribeLoadBalancers&params={}&tab=MOCK&lang=GO
  #tag_query_path = [
  #    "address:Address",
  #    "name:LoadBalancerName",
  #    "cluster_owner:Tags.Tag[?TagKey=='cs.cluster.name'].TagValue | [0]"
  #    ]
  ## The following tags added by default:
  ##   regionId (if discovery enabled), userId, instanceId.

  ## Allow metrics without discovery data, if discovery is enabled.
  ## If set to true, then metric without discovery data would be emitted, otherwise dropped.
  ## This cane be of help, in case debugging dimension filters, or partial coverage of
  ## discovery scope vs monitoring scope 
  # allow_dps_without_discovery = false
```

### Requirements and Terminology

Plugin Configuration utilizes [preset metric items references][2]

- `discovery_region` must be a valid Aliyun
  [Region](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/40654.htm) value
- `period` must be a valid duration value
- `project` must be a preset project value
- `names` must be preset metric names
- `dimensions` must be preset dimension values

[2]: https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/28619.htm?spm=a2c63.p38356.a3.2.389f233d0kPJn0

## Metrics

Each Aliyun CMS Project monitored records a measurement with fields for each
available Metric Statistic Project and Metrics are represented in [snake
case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snake_case)

- aliyuncms_{project}
  - {metric}_average     (metric Average value)
  - {metric}_minimum     (metric Minimum value)
  - {metric}_maximum     (metric Maximum value)
  - {metric}_value       (metric Value value)

## Example Output

```shell
$ ./telegraf --config telegraf.conf --input-filter aliyuncms --test
> aliyuncms_acs_slb_dashboard,instanceId=p-example,regionId=cn-hangzhou,userId=1234567890 latency_average=0.004810798017284538,latency_maximum=0.1100282669067383,latency_minimum=0.0006084442138671875
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/inputs/aliyuncms/README.md, after:

# Alibaba (Aliyun) CloudMonitor Service Statistics Input Plugin

Here and after we use `Aliyun` instead `Alibaba` as it is default naming
across web console and docs.

This plugin will pull metric statistics from Aliyun CMS.

## Aliyun Authentication

This plugin uses an [AccessKey][1] credential for Authentication with the
Aliyun OpenAPI endpoint.  In the following order the plugin will attempt
to authenticate.

1. Ram RoleARN credential if `access_key_id`, `access_key_secret`, `role_arn`,
   `role_session_name` is specified
2. AccessKey STS token credential if `access_key_id`, `access_key_secret`,
   `access_key_sts_token` is specified
3. AccessKey credential if `access_key_id`, `access_key_secret` is specified
4. Ecs Ram Role Credential if `role_name` is specified
5. RSA keypair credential if `private_key`, `public_key_id` is specified
6. Environment variables credential
7. Instance metadata credential

[1]: https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/53045.htm?spm=a2c63.p38356.b99.127.5cba21fdt5MJKr&parentId=28572

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Pull Metric Statistics from Aliyun CMS
[[inputs.aliyuncms]]
  ## Aliyun Credentials
  ## Credentials are loaded in the following order
  ## 1) Ram RoleArn credential
  ## 2) AccessKey STS token credential
  ## 3) AccessKey credential
  ## 4) Ecs Ram Role credential
  ## 5) RSA keypair credential
  ## 6) Environment variables credential
  ## 7) Instance metadata credential

  # access_key_id = ""
  # access_key_secret = ""
  # access_key_sts_token = ""
  # role_arn = ""
  # role_session_name = ""
  # private_key = ""
  # public_key_id = ""
  # role_name = ""

  ## Specify ali cloud regions to be queried for metric and object discovery
  ## If not set, all supported regions (see below) would be covered, it can
  ## provide a significant load on API, so the recommendation here is to
  ## limit the list as much as possible.
  ## Allowed values: https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/zh/doc-detail/40654.htm
  ## Default supported regions are:
  ##   cn-qingdao,cn-beijing,cn-zhangjiakou,cn-huhehaote,cn-hangzhou,
  ##   cn-shanghai, cn-shenzhen, cn-heyuan,cn-chengdu,cn-hongkong,
  ##   ap-southeast-1,ap-southeast-2,ap-southeast-3,ap-southeast-5,
  ##   ap-south-1,ap-northeast-1, us-west-1,us-east-1,eu-central-1,
  ##   eu-west-1,me-east-1
  ##
  ## From discovery perspective it set the scope for object discovery,
  ## the discovered info can be used to enrich the metrics with objects
  ##  attributes/tags. Discovery is not supported for all projects.
  ## Currently, discovery supported for the following projects:
  ## - acs_ecs_dashboard
  ## - acs_rds_dashboard
  ## - acs_slb_dashboard
  ## - acs_vpc_eip
  regions = ["cn-hongkong"]

  ## Requested AliyunCMS aggregation Period (required)
  ## The period must be multiples of 60s and the minimum for AliyunCMS metrics
  ## is 1 minute (60s). However not all metrics are made available to the
  ## one minute period. Some are collected at 3 minute, 5 minute, or larger
  ## intervals.
  ## See: https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/51936.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.2.18.2bc1750eeOw1Pv
  ## Note that if a period is configured that is smaller than the minimum for
  ## a particular metric, that metric will not be returned by Aliyun's
  ## OpenAPI and will not be collected by Telegraf.
  period = "5m"

  ## Collection Delay (required)
  ## The delay must account for metrics availability via AliyunCMS API.
  delay = "1m"

  ## Recommended: use metric 'interval' that is a multiple of 'period'
  ## to avoid gaps or overlap in pulled data
  interval = "5m"

  ## Metric Statistic Project (required)
  project = "acs_slb_dashboard"

  ## Maximum requests per second, default value is 200
  ratelimit = 200

  ## How often the discovery API call executed (default 1m)
  #discovery_interval = "1m"

  ## Metrics to Pull (Required)
  [[inputs.aliyuncms.metrics]]
  ## Metrics names to be requested,
  ## Description can be found here (per project):
  ## https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/28619.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.6.690.1938ad41wg8QSq
  names = ["InstanceActiveConnection", "InstanceNewConnection"]

  ## Dimension filters for Metric (optional).
  ## This allows to get additional metric dimension. If dimension is not
  ## specified it can be returned or the data can be aggregated - it depends
  ## on particular metric, you can find details here:
  ## https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/28619.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.6.690.1938ad41wg8QSq
  ##
  ## Note, that by default dimension filter includes the list of discovered
  ## objects in scope (if discovery is enabled).
  # Values specified here would be added into the list of discovered objects.
  ## You can specify either single dimension:
  #dimensions = '{"instanceId": "p-example"}'

  ## Or you can specify several dimensions at once:
  #dimensions = '[{"instanceId": "p-example"},{"instanceId": "q-example"}]'

  ## Enrichment tags, can be added from discovery (if supported)
  ## Notation is <measurement_tag_name>:<JMES query path (https://jmespath.org/tutorial.html)>
  ## To figure out which fields are available, consult the Describe<ObjectType>
  ## API per project.
  ## For example, for SLB: https://api.aliyun.com/#/?product=Slb&version=2014-05-15&api=DescribeLoadBalancers&params={}&tab=MOCK&lang=GO
  #tag_query_path = [
  #    "address:Address",
  #    "name:LoadBalancerName",
  #    "cluster_owner:Tags.Tag[?TagKey=='cs.cluster.name'].TagValue | [0]"
  #    ]
  ## The following tags added by default:
  ##   regionId (if discovery enabled), userId, instanceId.

  ## Allow metrics without discovery data, if discovery is enabled.
  ## If set to true, then metric without discovery data would be emitted, otherwise dropped.
  ## This cane be of help, in case debugging dimension filters, or partial coverage of
  ## discovery scope vs monitoring scope 
  # allow_dps_without_discovery = false
```

### Requirements and Terminology

Plugin Configuration utilizes [preset metric items references][2]

- `discovery_region` must be a valid Aliyun
  [Region](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/40654.htm) value
- `period` must be a valid duration value
- `project` must be a preset project value
- `names` must be preset metric names
- `dimensions` must be preset dimension values

[2]: https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/28619.htm?spm=a2c63.p38356.a3.2.389f233d0kPJn0

## Metrics

Each Aliyun CMS Project monitored records a measurement with fields for each
available Metric Statistic Project and Metrics are represented in [snake
case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snake_case)

- aliyuncms_{project}
  - {metric}_average     (metric Average value)
  - {metric}_minimum     (metric Minimum value)
  - {metric}_maximum     (metric Maximum value)
  - {metric}_value       (metric Value value)

## Example Output

```shell
$ ./telegraf --config telegraf.conf --input-filter aliyuncms --test
> aliyuncms_acs_slb_dashboard,instanceId=p-example,regionId=cn-hangzhou,userId=1234567890 latency_average=0.004810798017284538,latency_maximum=0.1100282669067383,latency_minimum=0.0006084442138671875
```
