plugins/inputs/redfish/README.md, before:

# Redfish Input Plugin

The `redfish` plugin gathers metrics and status information about CPU
temperature, fanspeed, Powersupply, voltage, hostname and Location details
(datacenter, placement, rack and room) of hardware servers for which [DMTF's
Redfish](https://redfish.dmtf.org/) is enabled.

Telegraf minimum version: Telegraf 1.15.0

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read CPU, Fans, Powersupply and Voltage metrics of hardware server through redfish APIs
[[inputs.redfish]]
  ## Redfish API Base URL.
  address = "https://127.0.0.1:5000"

  ## Credentials for the Redfish API.
  username = "root"
  password = "password123456"

  ## System Id to collect data for in Redfish APIs.
  computer_system_id="System.Embedded.1"

  ## Amount of time allowed to complete the HTTP request
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false
```

## Metrics

- redfish_thermal_temperatures
  - tags:
    - source
    - member_id
    - address
    - name
    - datacenter (available only if location data is found)
    - rack (available only if location data is found)
    - room (available only if location data is found)
    - row (available only if location data is found)
    - state
    - health
  - fields:
    - reading_celsius
    - upper_threshold_critical
    - upper_threshold_fatal
    - lower_threshold_critical
    - lower_threshold_fatal

- redfish_thermal_fans
  - tags:
    - source
    - member_id
    - address
    - name
    - datacenter (available only if location data is found)
    - rack (available only if location data is found)
    - room (available only if location data is found)
    - row (available only if location data is found)
    - state
    - health
  - fields:
    - reading_rpm (or) reading_percent
    - upper_threshold_critical
    - upper_threshold_fatal
    - lower_threshold_critical
    - lower_threshold_fatal

- redfish_power_powersupplies
  - tags:
    - source
    - address
    - member_id
    - name
    - datacenter (available only if location data is found)
    - rack (available only if location data is found)
    - room (available only if location data is found)
    - row (available only if location data is found)
    - state
    - health
  - fields:
    - last_power_output_watts
    - line_input_voltage
    - power_capacity_watts
    - power_input_watts
    - power_output_watts

- redfish_power_voltages (available only if voltage data is found)
  - tags:
    - source
    - address
    - member_id
    - name
    - datacenter (available only if location data is found)
    - rack (available only if location data is found)
    - room (available only if location data is found)
    - row (available only if location data is found)
    - state
    - health
  - fields:
    - reading_volts
    - upper_threshold_critical
    - upper_threshold_fatal
    - lower_threshold_critical
    - lower_threshold_fatal

## Example Output

```text
redfish_thermal_temperatures,source=test-hostname,name=CPU1,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="0"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_celsius=41,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_temperatures,source=test-hostname,name=CPU2,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="1"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_celsius=51,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_temperatures,source=test-hostname,name=SystemBoardInlet,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="2"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_celsius=23,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_temperatures,source=test-hostname,name=SystemBoardExhaust,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="3"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_celsius=33,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_fans,source=test-hostname,name=SystemBoardFan1A,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="0"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_rpm=17720,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_fans,source=test-hostname,name=SystemBoardFan1B,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="1"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_rpm=17760,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_fans,source=test-hostname,name=SystemBoardFan2A,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="2"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_rpm=17880,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_powersupplies,source=test-hostname,name=PS1Status,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="0"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" power_capacity_watts=750,power_input_watts=900,power_output_watts=208,last_power_output_watts=98,line_input_reading_volts=204 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_powersupplies,source=test-hostname,name=PS2Status,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="1",datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" power_capacity_watts=750,power_input_watts=900,power_output_watts=194,last_power_output_watts=98,line_input_reading_volts=204 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_voltages,source=test-hostname,name=CPU1MEM345,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="0"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_volts=1,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_voltages,source=test-hostname,name=CPU1MEM345,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="1"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_volts=1,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_voltages,source=test-hostname,name=CPU1MEM347,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="2"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_volts=1,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_voltages,source=test-hostname,name=PS1voltage1,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="12"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_volts=208,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000

```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/inputs/redfish/README.md, after:

# Redfish Input Plugin

The `redfish` plugin gathers metrics and status information about CPU
temperature, fanspeed, Powersupply, voltage, hostname and Location details
(datacenter, placement, rack and room) of hardware servers for which [DMTF's
Redfish](https://redfish.dmtf.org/) is enabled.

Telegraf minimum version: Telegraf 1.15.0

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read CPU, Fans, Powersupply and Voltage metrics of hardware server through redfish APIs
[[inputs.redfish]]
  ## Redfish API Base URL.
  address = "https://127.0.0.1:5000"

  ## Credentials for the Redfish API.
  username = "root"
  password = "password123456"

  ## System Id to collect data for in Redfish APIs.
  computer_system_id="System.Embedded.1"

  ## Amount of time allowed to complete the HTTP request
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false
```

## Metrics

- redfish_thermal_temperatures
  - tags:
    - source
    - member_id
    - address
    - name
    - datacenter (available only if location data is found)
    - rack (available only if location data is found)
    - room (available only if location data is found)
    - row (available only if location data is found)
    - state
    - health
  - fields:
    - reading_celsius
    - upper_threshold_critical
    - upper_threshold_fatal
    - lower_threshold_critical
    - lower_threshold_fatal

- redfish_thermal_fans
  - tags:
    - source
    - member_id
    - address
    - name
    - datacenter (available only if location data is found)
    - rack (available only if location data is found)
    - room (available only if location data is found)
    - row (available only if location data is found)
    - state
    - health
  - fields:
    - reading_rpm (or) reading_percent
    - upper_threshold_critical
    - upper_threshold_fatal
    - lower_threshold_critical
    - lower_threshold_fatal

- redfish_power_powersupplies
  - tags:
    - source
    - address
    - member_id
    - name
    - datacenter (available only if location data is found)
    - rack (available only if location data is found)
    - room (available only if location data is found)
    - row (available only if location data is found)
    - state
    - health
  - fields:
    - last_power_output_watts
    - line_input_voltage
    - power_capacity_watts
    - power_input_watts
    - power_output_watts

- redfish_power_voltages (available only if voltage data is found)
  - tags:
    - source
    - address
    - member_id
    - name
    - datacenter (available only if location data is found)
    - rack (available only if location data is found)
    - room (available only if location data is found)
    - row (available only if location data is found)
    - state
    - health
  - fields:
    - reading_volts
    - upper_threshold_critical
    - upper_threshold_fatal
    - lower_threshold_critical
    - lower_threshold_fatal

## Example Output

```text
redfish_thermal_temperatures,source=test-hostname,name=CPU1,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="0"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_celsius=41,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_temperatures,source=test-hostname,name=CPU2,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="1"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_celsius=51,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_temperatures,source=test-hostname,name=SystemBoardInlet,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="2"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_celsius=23,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_temperatures,source=test-hostname,name=SystemBoardExhaust,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="3"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_celsius=33,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_fans,source=test-hostname,name=SystemBoardFan1A,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="0"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_rpm=17720,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_fans,source=test-hostname,name=SystemBoardFan1B,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="1"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_rpm=17760,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_thermal_fans,source=test-hostname,name=SystemBoardFan2A,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="2"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_rpm=17880,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_powersupplies,source=test-hostname,name=PS1Status,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="0"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" power_capacity_watts=750,power_input_watts=900,power_output_watts=208,last_power_output_watts=98,line_input_reading_volts=204 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_powersupplies,source=test-hostname,name=PS2Status,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="1",datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" power_capacity_watts=750,power_input_watts=900,power_output_watts=194,last_power_output_watts=98,line_input_reading_volts=204 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_voltages,source=test-hostname,name=CPU1MEM345,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="0"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_volts=1,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_voltages,source=test-hostname,name=CPU1MEM345,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="1"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_volts=1,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_voltages,source=test-hostname,name=CPU1MEM347,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="2"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_volts=1,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000
redfish_power_voltages,source=test-hostname,name=PS1voltage1,address=http://190.0.0.1,member_id="12"datacenter="Tampa",health="OK",rack="12",room="tbc",row="3",state="Enabled" reading_volts=208,upper_threshold_critical=59,upper_threshold_fatal=64 1582114112000000000

```
