plugins/inputs/snmp_trap/README.md, before:

# SNMP Trap Input Plugin

The SNMP Trap plugin is a service input plugin that receives SNMP
notifications (traps and inform requests).

Notifications are received on plain UDP. The port to listen is
configurable.

## Note about Paths

Path is a global variable, separate snmp instances will append the specified
path onto the global path variable

## Configuration

```toml
[[inputs.snmp_trap]]
  ## Transport, local address, and port to listen on.  Transport must
  ## be "udp://".  Omit local address to listen on all interfaces.
  ##   example: "udp://127.0.0.1:1234"
  ##
  ## Special permissions may be required to listen on a port less than
  ## 1024.  See README.md for details
  ##
  # service_address = "udp://:162"
  ##
  ## Path to mib files
  # path = ["/usr/share/snmp/mibs"]
  ##
  ## Deprecated in 1.20.0; no longer running snmptranslate
  ## Timeout running snmptranslate command
  # timeout = "5s"
  ## Snmp version
  # version = "2c"
  ## SNMPv3 authentication and encryption options.
  ##
  ## Security Name.
  # sec_name = "myuser"
  ## Authentication protocol; one of "MD5", "SHA" or "".
  # auth_protocol = "MD5"
  ## Authentication password.
  # auth_password = "pass"
  ## Security Level; one of "noAuthNoPriv", "authNoPriv", or "authPriv".
  # sec_level = "authNoPriv"
  ## Privacy protocol used for encrypted messages; one of "DES", "AES", "AES192", "AES192C", "AES256", "AES256C" or "".
  # priv_protocol = ""
  ## Privacy password used for encrypted messages.
  # priv_password = ""
```

### Using a Privileged Port

On many operating systems, listening on a privileged port (a port
number less than 1024) requires extra permission.  Since the default
SNMP trap port 162 is in this category, using telegraf to receive SNMP
traps may need extra permission.

Instructions for listening on a privileged port vary by operating
system. It is not recommended to run telegraf as superuser in order to
use a privileged port. Instead follow the principle of least privilege
and use a more specific operating system mechanism to allow telegraf to
use the port.  You may also be able to have telegraf use an
unprivileged port and then configure a firewall port forward rule from
the privileged port.

To use a privileged port on Linux, you can use setcap to enable the
CAP_NET_BIND_SERVICE capability on the telegraf binary:

```shell
setcap cap_net_bind_service=+ep /usr/bin/telegraf
```

On Mac OS, listening on privileged ports is unrestricted on versions
10.14 and later.

### Metrics

- snmp_trap
  - tags:
    - source (string, IP address of trap source)
    - name (string, value from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
    - mib (string, MIB from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
    - oid (string, OID string from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
    - version (string, "1" or "2c" or "3")
    - context_name (string, value from v3 trap)
    - engine_id (string, value from v3 trap)
    - community (string, value from 1 or 2c trap)
  - fields:
    - Fields are mapped from variables in the trap. Field names are
      the trap variable names after MIB lookup. Field values are trap
      variable values.

### Example Output

```shell
snmp_trap,mib=SNMPv2-MIB,name=coldStart,oid=.1.3.6.1.6.3.1.1.5.1,source=192.168.122.102,version=2c,community=public snmpTrapEnterprise.0="linux",sysUpTimeInstance=1i 1574109187723429814
snmp_trap,mib=NET-SNMP-AGENT-MIB,name=nsNotifyShutdown,oid=.1.3.6.1.4.1.8072.4.0.2,source=192.168.122.102,version=2c,community=public sysUpTimeInstance=5803i,snmpTrapEnterprise.0="netSnmpNotificationPrefix" 1574109186555115459
```

[net-snmp]: http://www.net-snmp.org/
[man snmpcmd]: http://net-snmp.sourceforge.net/docs/man/snmpcmd.html#lbAK

Commit message:

fix: Add option to select translator (#10802)

plugins/inputs/snmp_trap/README.md, after:

# SNMP Trap Input Plugin

The SNMP Trap plugin is a service input plugin that receives SNMP
notifications (traps and inform requests).

Notifications are received on plain UDP. The port to listen is
configurable.

## Note about Paths

Path is a global variable, separate snmp instances will append the specified
path onto the global path variable

## Configuration

```toml
[[inputs.snmp_trap]]
  ## Transport, local address, and port to listen on.  Transport must
  ## be "udp://".  Omit local address to listen on all interfaces.
  ##   example: "udp://127.0.0.1:1234"
  ##
  ## Special permissions may be required to listen on a port less than
  ## 1024.  See README.md for details
  ##
  # service_address = "udp://:162"
  ##
  ## Path to mib files
  ## Used by the gosmi translator.
  ## To add paths when translating with netsnmp, use the MIBDIRS environment variable
  # path = ["/usr/share/snmp/mibs"]
  ##
  ## Deprecated in 1.20.0; no longer running snmptranslate
  ## Timeout running snmptranslate command
  # timeout = "5s"
  ## Snmp version
  # version = "2c"
  ## SNMPv3 authentication and encryption options.
  ##
  ## Security Name.
  # sec_name = "myuser"
  ## Authentication protocol; one of "MD5", "SHA" or "".
  # auth_protocol = "MD5"
  ## Authentication password.
  # auth_password = "pass"
  ## Security Level; one of "noAuthNoPriv", "authNoPriv", or "authPriv".
  # sec_level = "authNoPriv"
  ## Privacy protocol used for encrypted messages; one of "DES", "AES", "AES192", "AES192C", "AES256", "AES256C" or "".
  # priv_protocol = ""
  ## Privacy password used for encrypted messages.
  # priv_password = ""
```

### Using a Privileged Port

On many operating systems, listening on a privileged port (a port
number less than 1024) requires extra permission.  Since the default
SNMP trap port 162 is in this category, using telegraf to receive SNMP
traps may need extra permission.

Instructions for listening on a privileged port vary by operating
system. It is not recommended to run telegraf as superuser in order to
use a privileged port. Instead follow the principle of least privilege
and use a more specific operating system mechanism to allow telegraf to
use the port.  You may also be able to have telegraf use an
unprivileged port and then configure a firewall port forward rule from
the privileged port.

To use a privileged port on Linux, you can use setcap to enable the
CAP_NET_BIND_SERVICE capability on the telegraf binary:

```shell
setcap cap_net_bind_service=+ep /usr/bin/telegraf
```

On Mac OS, listening on privileged ports is unrestricted on versions
10.14 and later.

### Metrics

- snmp_trap
  - tags:
    - source (string, IP address of trap source)
    - name (string, value from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
    - mib (string, MIB from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
    - oid (string, OID string from SNMPv2-MIB::snmpTrapOID.0 PDU)
    - version (string, "1" or "2c" or "3")
    - context_name (string, value from v3 trap)
    - engine_id (string, value from v3 trap)
    - community (string, value from 1 or 2c trap)
  - fields:
    - Fields are mapped from variables in the trap. Field names are
      the trap variable names after MIB lookup. Field values are trap
      variable values.

### Example Output

```shell
snmp_trap,mib=SNMPv2-MIB,name=coldStart,oid=.1.3.6.1.6.3.1.1.5.1,source=192.168.122.102,version=2c,community=public snmpTrapEnterprise.0="linux",sysUpTimeInstance=1i 1574109187723429814
snmp_trap,mib=NET-SNMP-AGENT-MIB,name=nsNotifyShutdown,oid=.1.3.6.1.4.1.8072.4.0.2,source=192.168.122.102,version=2c,community=public sysUpTimeInstance=5803i,snmpTrapEnterprise.0="netSnmpNotificationPrefix" 1574109186555115459
```

[net-snmp]: http://www.net-snmp.org/
[man snmpcmd]: http://net-snmp.sourceforge.net/docs/man/snmpcmd.html#lbAK
