plugins/inputs/cpu/README.md, before:

# CPU Input Plugin

The `cpu` plugin gather metrics on the system CPUs.

## Configuration

```toml
# Read metrics about cpu usage
[[inputs.cpu]]
  ## Whether to report per-cpu stats or not
  percpu = true
  ## Whether to report total system cpu stats or not
  totalcpu = true
  ## If true, collect raw CPU time metrics
  collect_cpu_time = false
  ## If true, compute and report the sum of all non-idle CPU states
  report_active = false
```

## Metrics

On Linux, consult `man proc` for details on the meanings of these values.

- cpu
  - tags:
    - cpu (CPU ID or `cpu-total`)
  - fields:
    - time_user (float)
    - time_system (float)
    - time_idle (float)
    - time_active (float)
    - time_nice (float)
    - time_iowait (float)
    - time_irq (float)
    - time_softirq (float)
    - time_steal (float)
    - time_guest (float)
    - time_guest_nice (float)
    - usage_user (float, percent)
    - usage_system (float, percent)
    - usage_idle (float, percent)
    - usage_active (float)
    - usage_nice (float, percent)
    - usage_iowait (float, percent)
    - usage_irq (float, percent)
    - usage_softirq (float, percent)
    - usage_steal (float, percent)
    - usage_guest (float, percent)
    - usage_guest_nice (float, percent)

## Troubleshooting

On Linux systems the `/proc/stat` file is used to gather CPU times.
Percentages are based on the last 2 samples.

## Example Output

```shell
cpu,cpu=cpu0,host=loaner time_active=202224.15999999992,time_guest=30250.35,time_guest_nice=0,time_idle=1527035.04,time_iowait=1352,time_irq=0,time_nice=169.28,time_softirq=6281.4,time_steal=0,time_system=40097.14,time_user=154324.34 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu0,host=loaner usage_active=31.249999981810106,usage_guest=2.083333333080696,usage_guest_nice=0,usage_idle=68.7500000181899,usage_iowait=0,usage_irq=0,usage_nice=0,usage_softirq=0,usage_steal=0,usage_system=4.166666666161392,usage_user=25.000000002273737 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=loaner time_active=201890.02000000002,time_guest=30508.41,time_guest_nice=0,time_idle=264641.18,time_iowait=210.44,time_irq=0,time_nice=181.75,time_softirq=4537.88,time_steal=0,time_system=39480.7,time_user=157479.25 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=loaner usage_active=12.500000010610771,usage_guest=2.0833333328280585,usage_guest_nice=0,usage_idle=87.49999998938922,usage_iowait=0,usage_irq=0,usage_nice=0,usage_softirq=2.0833333332070145,usage_steal=0,usage_system=4.166666665656117,usage_user=4.166666666414029 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu2,host=loaner time_active=201382.78999999998,time_guest=30325.8,time_guest_nice=0,time_idle=264686.63,time_iowait=202.77,time_irq=0,time_nice=162.81,time_softirq=3378.34,time_steal=0,time_system=39270.59,time_user=158368.28 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu2,host=loaner usage_active=15.999999993480742,usage_guest=1.9999999999126885,usage_guest_nice=0,usage_idle=84.00000000651926,usage_iowait=0,usage_irq=0,usage_nice=0,usage_softirq=2.0000000002764864,usage_steal=0,usage_system=3.999999999825377,usage_user=7.999999998923158 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu3,host=loaner time_active=198953.51000000007,time_guest=30344.43,time_guest_nice=0,time_idle=265504.09,time_iowait=187.64,time_irq=0,time_nice=197.47,time_softirq=2301.47,time_steal=0,time_system=39313.73,time_user=156953.2 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu3,host=loaner usage_active=10.41666667424579,usage_guest=0,usage_guest_nice=0,usage_idle=89.58333332575421,usage_iowait=0,usage_irq=0,usage_nice=0,usage_softirq=0,usage_steal=0,usage_system=4.166666666666667,usage_user=6.249999998484175 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu-total,host=loaner time_active=804450.5299999998,time_guest=121429,time_guest_nice=0,time_idle=2321866.96,time_iowait=1952.86,time_irq=0,time_nice=711.32,time_softirq=16499.1,time_steal=0,time_system=158162.17,time_user=627125.08 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu-total,host=loaner usage_active=17.616580305880305,usage_guest=1.036269430422946,usage_guest_nice=0,usage_idle=82.3834196941197,usage_iowait=0,usage_irq=0,usage_nice=0,usage_softirq=1.0362694300459534,usage_steal=0,usage_system=4.145077721691784,usage_user=11.398963731636465 1568760922000000000
```

Commit message:

feat(inputs/cpu): add tags with core id or physical id to cpus

plugins/inputs/cpu/README.md, after:

# CPU Input Plugin

The `cpu` plugin gather metrics on the system CPUs.

## Configuration

```toml
# Read metrics about cpu usage
[[inputs.cpu]]
  ## Whether to report per-cpu stats or not
  percpu = true
  ## Whether to report total system cpu stats or not
  totalcpu = true
  ## If true, collect raw CPU time metrics
  collect_cpu_time = false
  ## If true, compute and report the sum of all non-idle CPU states
  report_active = false
  ## If true and the info is available then add core_id and physical_id tags
  core_tags = false
```

## Metrics

On Linux, consult `man proc` for details on the meanings of these values.

- cpu
  - tags:
    - cpu (CPU ID or `cpu-total`)
  - fields:
    - time_user (float)
    - time_system (float)
    - time_idle (float)
    - time_active (float)
    - time_nice (float)
    - time_iowait (float)
    - time_irq (float)
    - time_softirq (float)
    - time_steal (float)
    - time_guest (float)
    - time_guest_nice (float)
    - usage_user (float, percent)
    - usage_system (float, percent)
    - usage_idle (float, percent)
    - usage_active (float)
    - usage_nice (float, percent)
    - usage_iowait (float, percent)
    - usage_irq (float, percent)
    - usage_softirq (float, percent)
    - usage_steal (float, percent)
    - usage_guest (float, percent)
    - usage_guest_nice (float, percent)

## Troubleshooting

On Linux systems the `/proc/stat` file is used to gather CPU times.
Percentages are based on the last 2 samples.
Tags core_id and physical_id are read from `/proc/cpuinfo` on Linux systems

## Example Output

```shell
cpu,cpu=cpu0,host=loaner time_active=202224.15999999992,time_guest=30250.35,time_guest_nice=0,time_idle=1527035.04,time_iowait=1352,time_irq=0,time_nice=169.28,time_softirq=6281.4,time_steal=0,time_system=40097.14,time_user=154324.34 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu0,host=loaner usage_active=31.249999981810106,usage_guest=2.083333333080696,usage_guest_nice=0,usage_idle=68.7500000181899,usage_iowait=0,usage_irq=0,usage_nice=0,usage_softirq=0,usage_steal=0,usage_system=4.166666666161392,usage_user=25.000000002273737 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=loaner time_active=201890.02000000002,time_guest=30508.41,time_guest_nice=0,time_idle=264641.18,time_iowait=210.44,time_irq=0,time_nice=181.75,time_softirq=4537.88,time_steal=0,time_system=39480.7,time_user=157479.25 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=loaner usage_active=12.500000010610771,usage_guest=2.0833333328280585,usage_guest_nice=0,usage_idle=87.49999998938922,usage_iowait=0,usage_irq=0,usage_nice=0,usage_softirq=2.0833333332070145,usage_steal=0,usage_system=4.166666665656117,usage_user=4.166666666414029 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu2,host=loaner time_active=201382.78999999998,time_guest=30325.8,time_guest_nice=0,time_idle=264686.63,time_iowait=202.77,time_irq=0,time_nice=162.81,time_softirq=3378.34,time_steal=0,time_system=39270.59,time_user=158368.28 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu2,host=loaner usage_active=15.999999993480742,usage_guest=1.9999999999126885,usage_guest_nice=0,usage_idle=84.00000000651926,usage_iowait=0,usage_irq=0,usage_nice=0,usage_softirq=2.0000000002764864,usage_steal=0,usage_system=3.999999999825377,usage_user=7.999999998923158 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu3,host=loaner time_active=198953.51000000007,time_guest=30344.43,time_guest_nice=0,time_idle=265504.09,time_iowait=187.64,time_irq=0,time_nice=197.47,time_softirq=2301.47,time_steal=0,time_system=39313.73,time_user=156953.2 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu3,host=loaner usage_active=10.41666667424579,usage_guest=0,usage_guest_nice=0,usage_idle=89.58333332575421,usage_iowait=0,usage_irq=0,usage_nice=0,usage_softirq=0,usage_steal=0,usage_system=4.166666666666667,usage_user=6.249999998484175 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu-total,host=loaner time_active=804450.5299999998,time_guest=121429,time_guest_nice=0,time_idle=2321866.96,time_iowait=1952.86,time_irq=0,time_nice=711.32,time_softirq=16499.1,time_steal=0,time_system=158162.17,time_user=627125.08 1568760922000000000
cpu,cpu=cpu-total,host=loaner usage_active=17.616580305880305,usage_guest=1.036269430422946,usage_guest_nice=0,usage_idle=82.3834196941197,usage_iowait=0,usage_irq=0,usage_nice=0,usage_softirq=1.0362694300459534,usage_steal=0,usage_system=4.145077721691784,usage_user=11.398963731636465 1568760922000000000
```
