plugins/inputs/internet_speed/README.md, before:

# Internet Speed Monitor Input Plugin

The `Internet Speed Monitor` collects data about the internet speed on the
system.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Monitors internet speed using speedtest.net service
[[inputs.internet_speed]]
  ## This plugin downloads many MB of data each time it is run. As such
  ## consider setting a higher interval for this plugin to reduce the
  ## demand on your internet connection.
  # interval = "60m"

  ## Sets if runs file download test
  # enable_file_download = false

  ## Caches the closest server location
  # cache = false
```

## Metrics

It collects latency, download speed and upload speed

| Name           | filed name | type    | Unit |
| -------------- | ---------- | ------- | ---- |
| Download Speed | download   | float64 | Mbps |
| Upload Speed   | upload     | float64 | Mbps |
| Latency        | latency    | float64 | ms   |

## Example Output

```sh
internet_speed,host=Sanyam-Ubuntu download=41.791,latency=28.518,upload=59.798 1631031183000000000
```

Commit message:

Rename enable_file_download to match upstream intent
`memory_saving_mode` is a more appropriate name for this variable, as this is the upstream feature that is toggled.

Also add a paragraph to the README to explain what this option does, and why it might be required.

Fixes: influxdata/telegraf#11870

plugins/inputs/internet_speed/README.md, after:

# Internet Speed Monitor Input Plugin

The `Internet Speed Monitor` collects data about the internet speed on the
system.

On some systems, the default settings may cause speed tests to fail; if this affects you then try enabling `memory_saving_mode`. This reduces the memory requirements for the test, and may reduce the runtime of the test. However, please be aware that this may also reduce the accuracy of the test for fast (>30Mb/s) connections. This setting enables the upstream [Memory Saving Mode](https://github.com/showwin/speedtest-go#memory-saving-mode).

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Monitors internet speed using speedtest.net service
[[inputs.internet_speed]]
  ## This plugin downloads many MB of data each time it is run. As such
  ## consider setting a higher interval for this plugin to reduce the
  ## demand on your internet connection.
  # interval = "60m"

  ## Enable to reduce memory usage
  # memory_saving_mode = false

  ## Caches the closest server location
  # cache = false
```

## Metrics

It collects latency, download speed and upload speed

| Name           | filed name | type    | Unit |
| -------------- | ---------- | ------- | ---- |
| Download Speed | download   | float64 | Mbps |
| Upload Speed   | upload     | float64 | Mbps |
| Latency        | latency    | float64 | ms   |

## Example Output

```sh
internet_speed,host=Sanyam-Ubuntu download=41.791,latency=28.518,upload=59.798 1631031183000000000
```
