plugins/inputs/memcached/README.md, before:

# Memcached Input Plugin

This plugin gathers statistics data from a Memcached server.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from one or many memcached servers.
[[inputs.memcached]]
  # An array of address to gather stats about. Specify an ip on hostname
  # with optional port. ie localhost, 10.0.0.1:11211, etc.
  servers = ["localhost:11211"]
  # An array of unix memcached sockets to gather stats about.
  # unix_sockets = ["/var/run/memcached.sock"]

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # enable_tls = false
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## If false, skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = true
```

## Metrics

The fields from this plugin are gathered in the *memcached* measurement.

Fields:

* accepting_conns - Whether or not server is accepting conns
* auth_cmds - Number of authentication commands handled, success or failure
* auth_errors - Number of failed authentications
* bytes - Current number of bytes used to store items
* bytes_read - Total number of bytes read by this server from network
* bytes_written - Total number of bytes sent by this server to network
* cas_badval - Number of CAS reqs for which a key was found, but the CAS value
  did not match
* cas_hits - Number of successful CAS reqs
* cas_misses - Number of CAS reqs against missing keys
* cmd_flush - Cumulative number of flush reqs
* cmd_get - Cumulative number of retrieval reqs
* cmd_set - Cumulative number of storage reqs
* cmd_touch - Cumulative number of touch reqs
* conn_yields - Number of times any connection yielded to another due to
  hitting the -R limit
* connection_structures - Number of connection structures allocated by the
  server
* curr_connections - Number of open connections
* curr_items - Current number of items stored
* decr_hits - Number of successful decr reqs
* decr_misses - Number of decr reqs against missing keys
* delete_hits - Number of deletion reqs resulting in an item being removed
* delete_misses - umber of deletions reqs for missing keys
* evicted_active - Items evicted from LRU that had been hit recently but did
  not jump to top of LRU
* evicted_unfetched - Items evicted from LRU that were never touched by
  get/incr/append/etc
* evictions - Number of valid items removed from cache to free memory for
  new items
* expired_unfetched - Items pulled from LRU that were never touched by
  get/incr/append/etc before expiring
* get_expired - Number of items that have been requested but had already
  expired
* get_flushed - Number of items that have been requested but have been flushed
  via flush_all
* get_hits - Number of keys that have been requested and found present
* get_misses - Number of items that have been requested and not found
* hash_bytes - Bytes currently used by hash tables
* hash_is_expanding - Indicates if the hash table is being grown to a new size
* hash_power_level - Current size multiplier for hash table
* incr_hits - Number of successful incr reqs
* incr_misses - Number of incr reqs against missing keys
* limit_maxbytes - Number of bytes this server is allowed to use for storage
* listen_disabled_num - Number of times server has stopped accepting new
  connections (maxconns)
* max_connections - Max number of simultaneous connections
* reclaimed - Number of times an entry was stored using memory from an
  expired entry
* rejected_connections - Conns rejected in maxconns_fast mode
* store_no_memory - Number of rejected storage requests caused by exhaustion
  of the memory limit when evictions are disabled
* store_too_large - Number of rejected storage requests caused by attempting
  to write a value larger than the item size limit
* threads - Number of worker threads requested
* total_connections - Total number of connections opened since the server
  started running
* total_items - Total number of items stored since the server started
* touch_hits - Number of keys that have been touched with a new expiration time
* touch_misses - Number of items that have been touched and not found
* uptime - Number of secs since the server started

Description of gathered fields taken from [memcached protocol docs][protocol].

[protocol]: https://github.com/memcached/memcached/blob/master/doc/protocol.txt

## Tags

* Memcached measurements have the following tags:
  * server (the host name from which metrics are gathered)

## Sample Queries

You can use the following query to get the average get hit and miss ratio, as
well as the total average size of cached items, number of cached items and
average connection counts per server.

```sql
SELECT mean(get_hits) / mean(cmd_get) as get_ratio, mean(get_misses) / mean(cmd_get) as get_misses_ratio, mean(bytes), mean(curr_items), mean(curr_connections) FROM memcached WHERE time > now() - 1h GROUP BY server
```

## Example Output

```shell
$ ./telegraf --config telegraf.conf --input-filter memcached --test
memcached,server=localhost:11211 accepting_conns=1i,auth_cmds=0i,auth_errors=0i,bytes=0i,bytes_read=7i,bytes_written=0i,cas_badval=0i,cas_hits=0i,cas_misses=0i,cmd_flush=0i,cmd_get=0i,cmd_set=0i,cmd_touch=0i,conn_yields=0i,connection_structures=3i,curr_connections=2i,curr_items=0i,decr_hits=0i,decr_misses=0i,delete_hits=0i,delete_misses=0i,evicted_active=0i,evicted_unfetched=0i,evictions=0i,expired_unfetched=0i,get_expired=0i,get_flushed=0i,get_hits=0i,get_misses=0i,hash_bytes=524288i,hash_is_expanding=0i,hash_power_level=16i,incr_hits=0i,incr_misses=0i,limit_maxbytes=67108864i,listen_disabled_num=0i,max_connections=1024i,reclaimed=0i,rejected_connections=0i,store_no_memory=0i,store_too_large=0i,threads=4i,total_connections=3i,total_items=0i,touch_hits=0i,touch_misses=0i,uptime=3i 1644771989000000000
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/inputs/memcached/README.md, after:

# Memcached Input Plugin

This plugin gathers statistics data from a Memcached server.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from one or many memcached servers.
[[inputs.memcached]]
  # An array of address to gather stats about. Specify an ip on hostname
  # with optional port. ie localhost, 10.0.0.1:11211, etc.
  servers = ["localhost:11211"]
  # An array of unix memcached sockets to gather stats about.
  # unix_sockets = ["/var/run/memcached.sock"]

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # enable_tls = false
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## If false, skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = true
```

## Metrics

The fields from this plugin are gathered in the *memcached* measurement.

Fields:

* accepting_conns - Whether or not server is accepting conns
* auth_cmds - Number of authentication commands handled, success or failure
* auth_errors - Number of failed authentications
* bytes - Current number of bytes used to store items
* bytes_read - Total number of bytes read by this server from network
* bytes_written - Total number of bytes sent by this server to network
* cas_badval - Number of CAS reqs for which a key was found, but the CAS value
  did not match
* cas_hits - Number of successful CAS reqs
* cas_misses - Number of CAS reqs against missing keys
* cmd_flush - Cumulative number of flush reqs
* cmd_get - Cumulative number of retrieval reqs
* cmd_set - Cumulative number of storage reqs
* cmd_touch - Cumulative number of touch reqs
* conn_yields - Number of times any connection yielded to another due to
  hitting the -R limit
* connection_structures - Number of connection structures allocated by the
  server
* curr_connections - Number of open connections
* curr_items - Current number of items stored
* decr_hits - Number of successful decr reqs
* decr_misses - Number of decr reqs against missing keys
* delete_hits - Number of deletion reqs resulting in an item being removed
* delete_misses - umber of deletions reqs for missing keys
* evicted_active - Items evicted from LRU that had been hit recently but did
  not jump to top of LRU
* evicted_unfetched - Items evicted from LRU that were never touched by
  get/incr/append/etc
* evictions - Number of valid items removed from cache to free memory for
  new items
* expired_unfetched - Items pulled from LRU that were never touched by
  get/incr/append/etc before expiring
* get_expired - Number of items that have been requested but had already
  expired
* get_flushed - Number of items that have been requested but have been flushed
  via flush_all
* get_hits - Number of keys that have been requested and found present
* get_misses - Number of items that have been requested and not found
* hash_bytes - Bytes currently used by hash tables
* hash_is_expanding - Indicates if the hash table is being grown to a new size
* hash_power_level - Current size multiplier for hash table
* incr_hits - Number of successful incr reqs
* incr_misses - Number of incr reqs against missing keys
* limit_maxbytes - Number of bytes this server is allowed to use for storage
* listen_disabled_num - Number of times server has stopped accepting new
  connections (maxconns)
* max_connections - Max number of simultaneous connections
* reclaimed - Number of times an entry was stored using memory from an
  expired entry
* rejected_connections - Conns rejected in maxconns_fast mode
* store_no_memory - Number of rejected storage requests caused by exhaustion
  of the memory limit when evictions are disabled
* store_too_large - Number of rejected storage requests caused by attempting
  to write a value larger than the item size limit
* threads - Number of worker threads requested
* total_connections - Total number of connections opened since the server
  started running
* total_items - Total number of items stored since the server started
* touch_hits - Number of keys that have been touched with a new expiration time
* touch_misses - Number of items that have been touched and not found
* uptime - Number of secs since the server started

Description of gathered fields taken from [memcached protocol docs][protocol].

[protocol]: https://github.com/memcached/memcached/blob/master/doc/protocol.txt

## Tags

* Memcached measurements have the following tags:
  * server (the host name from which metrics are gathered)

## Sample Queries

You can use the following query to get the average get hit and miss ratio, as
well as the total average size of cached items, number of cached items and
average connection counts per server.

```sql
SELECT mean(get_hits) / mean(cmd_get) as get_ratio, mean(get_misses) / mean(cmd_get) as get_misses_ratio, mean(bytes), mean(curr_items), mean(curr_connections) FROM memcached WHERE time > now() - 1h GROUP BY server
```

## Example Output

```shell
$ ./telegraf --config telegraf.conf --input-filter memcached --test
memcached,server=localhost:11211 accepting_conns=1i,auth_cmds=0i,auth_errors=0i,bytes=0i,bytes_read=7i,bytes_written=0i,cas_badval=0i,cas_hits=0i,cas_misses=0i,cmd_flush=0i,cmd_get=0i,cmd_set=0i,cmd_touch=0i,conn_yields=0i,connection_structures=3i,curr_connections=2i,curr_items=0i,decr_hits=0i,decr_misses=0i,delete_hits=0i,delete_misses=0i,evicted_active=0i,evicted_unfetched=0i,evictions=0i,expired_unfetched=0i,get_expired=0i,get_flushed=0i,get_hits=0i,get_misses=0i,hash_bytes=524288i,hash_is_expanding=0i,hash_power_level=16i,incr_hits=0i,incr_misses=0i,limit_maxbytes=67108864i,listen_disabled_num=0i,max_connections=1024i,reclaimed=0i,rejected_connections=0i,store_no_memory=0i,store_too_large=0i,threads=4i,total_connections=3i,total_items=0i,touch_hits=0i,touch_misses=0i,uptime=3i 1644771989000000000
```
