plugins/outputs/application_insights/README.md, before:

# Application Insights Output Plugin

This plugin writes telegraf metrics to [Azure Application
Insights](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/application-insights/).

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Send metrics to Azure Application Insights
[[outputs.application_insights]]
  ## Instrumentation key of the Application Insights resource.
  instrumentation_key = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx"

  ## Regions that require endpoint modification https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/custom-endpoints
  # endpoint_url = "https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track"

  ## Timeout for closing (default: 5s).
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Enable additional diagnostic logging.
  # enable_diagnostic_logging = false

  ## Context Tag Sources add Application Insights context tags to a tag value.
  ##
  ## For list of allowed context tag keys see:
  ## https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Go/blob/master/appinsights/contracts/contexttagkeys.go
  # [outputs.application_insights.context_tag_sources]
  #   "ai.cloud.role" = "kubernetes_container_name"
  #   "ai.cloud.roleInstance" = "kubernetes_pod_name"
```

## Metric Encoding

For each field an Application Insights Telemetry record is created named based
on the measurement name and field.

**Example:** Create the telemetry records `foo_first` and `foo_second`:

```text
foo,host=a first=42,second=43 1525293034000000000
```

In the special case of a single field named `value`, a single telemetry record
is created named using only the measurement name

**Example:** Create a telemetry record `bar`:

```text
bar,host=a value=42 1525293034000000000
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/outputs/application_insights/README.md, after:

# Application Insights Output Plugin

This plugin writes telegraf metrics to [Azure Application
Insights](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/application-insights/).

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Send metrics to Azure Application Insights
[[outputs.application_insights]]
  ## Instrumentation key of the Application Insights resource.
  instrumentation_key = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx"

  ## Regions that require endpoint modification https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/custom-endpoints
  # endpoint_url = "https://dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track"

  ## Timeout for closing (default: 5s).
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Enable additional diagnostic logging.
  # enable_diagnostic_logging = false

  ## Context Tag Sources add Application Insights context tags to a tag value.
  ##
  ## For list of allowed context tag keys see:
  ## https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Go/blob/master/appinsights/contracts/contexttagkeys.go
  # [outputs.application_insights.context_tag_sources]
  #   "ai.cloud.role" = "kubernetes_container_name"
  #   "ai.cloud.roleInstance" = "kubernetes_pod_name"
```

## Metric Encoding

For each field an Application Insights Telemetry record is created named based
on the measurement name and field.

**Example:** Create the telemetry records `foo_first` and `foo_second`:

```text
foo,host=a first=42,second=43 1525293034000000000
```

In the special case of a single field named `value`, a single telemetry record
is created named using only the measurement name

**Example:** Create a telemetry record `bar`:

```text
bar,host=a value=42 1525293034000000000
```
