plugins/aggregators/histogram/README.md, before:

# Histogram Aggregator Plugin

The histogram aggregator plugin creates histograms containing the counts of
field values within a range.

If `cumulative` is set to true, values added to a bucket are also added to the
larger buckets in the distribution. This creates a [cumulative histogram][1].
Otherwise, values are added to only one bucket, which creates an [ordinary
histogram][1]

Like other Telegraf aggregators, the metric is emitted every `period` seconds.
By default bucket counts are not reset between periods and will be non-strictly
increasing while Telegraf is running. This behavior can be changed by setting
the `reset` parameter to true.

[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Histogram#/media/File:Cumulative_vs_normal_histogram.svg

## Design

Each metric is passed to the aggregator and this aggregator searches histogram
buckets for those fields, which have been specified in the config. If buckets
are found, the aggregator will increment +1 to the appropriate
bucket. Otherwise, it will be added to the `+Inf` bucket.  Every `period`
seconds this data will be forwarded to the outputs.

The algorithm of hit counting to buckets was implemented on the base of the
algorithm which is implemented in the Prometheus [client][2].

[2]: https://github.com/prometheus/client_golang/blob/master/prometheus/histogram.go

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Configuration for aggregate histogram metrics
[[aggregators.histogram]]
  ## The period in which to flush the aggregator.
  period = "30s"

  ## If true, the original metric will be dropped by the
  ## aggregator and will not get sent to the output plugins.
  drop_original = false

  ## If true, the histogram will be reset on flush instead
  ## of accumulating the results.
  reset = false

  ## Whether bucket values should be accumulated. If set to false, "gt" tag will be added.
  ## Defaults to true.
  cumulative = true

  ## Expiration interval for each histogram. The histogram will be expired if
  ## there are no changes in any buckets for this time interval. 0 == no expiration.
  # expiration_interval = "0m"

  ## If true, aggregated histogram are pushed to output only if it was updated since
  ## previous push. Defaults to false.
  # push_only_on_update = false

  ## Example config that aggregates all fields of the metric.
  # [[aggregators.histogram.config]]
  #   ## Right borders of buckets (with +Inf implicitly added).
  #   buckets = [0.0, 15.6, 34.5, 49.1, 71.5, 80.5, 94.5, 100.0]
  #   ## The name of metric.
  #   measurement_name = "cpu"

  ## Example config that aggregates only specific fields of the metric.
  # [[aggregators.histogram.config]]
  #   ## Right borders of buckets (with +Inf implicitly added).
  #   buckets = [0.0, 10.0, 20.0, 30.0, 40.0, 50.0, 60.0, 70.0, 80.0, 90.0, 100.0]
  #   ## The name of metric.
  #   measurement_name = "diskio"
  #   ## The concrete fields of metric
  #   fields = ["io_time", "read_time", "write_time"]
```

The user is responsible for defining the bounds of the histogram bucket as
well as the measurement name and fields to aggregate.

Each histogram config section must contain a `buckets` and `measurement_name`
option.  Optionally, if `fields` is set only the fields listed will be
aggregated.  If `fields` is not set all fields are aggregated.

The `buckets` option contains a list of floats which specify the bucket
boundaries.  Each float value defines the inclusive upper (right) bound of the
bucket.  The `+Inf` bucket is added automatically and does not need to be
defined.  (For left boundaries, these specified bucket borders and `-Inf` will
be used).

## Measurements & Fields

The postfix `bucket` will be added to each field key.

- measurement1
  - field1_bucket
  - field2_bucket

### Tags

- `cumulative = true` (default):
  - `le`: Right bucket border. It means that the metric value is less than or
    equal to the value of this tag. If a metric value is sorted into a bucket,
    it is also sorted into all larger buckets. As a result, the value of
    `<field>_bucket` is rising with rising `le` value. When `le` is `+Inf`,
    the bucket value is the count of all metrics, because all metric values are
    less than or equal to positive infinity.
- `cumulative = false`:
  - `gt`: Left bucket border. It means that the metric value is greater than
    (and not equal to) the value of this tag.
  - `le`: Right bucket border. It means that the metric value is less than or
    equal to the value of this tag.
  - As both `gt` and `le` are present, each metric is sorted in only exactly
    one bucket.

## Example Output

Let assume we have the buckets [0, 10, 50, 100] and the following field values
for `usage_idle`: [50, 7, 99, 12]

With `cumulative = true`:

```text
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,le=0.0 usage_idle_bucket=0i 1486998330000000000  # none
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,le=10.0 usage_idle_bucket=1i 1486998330000000000  # 7
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,le=50.0 usage_idle_bucket=2i 1486998330000000000  # 7, 12
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,le=100.0 usage_idle_bucket=4i 1486998330000000000  # 7, 12, 50, 99
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,le=+Inf usage_idle_bucket=4i 1486998330000000000  # 7, 12, 50, 99
```

With `cumulative = false`:

```text
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,gt=-Inf,le=0.0 usage_idle_bucket=0i 1486998330000000000  # none
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,gt=0.0,le=10.0 usage_idle_bucket=1i 1486998330000000000  # 7
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,gt=10.0,le=50.0 usage_idle_bucket=1i 1486998330000000000  # 12
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,gt=50.0,le=100.0 usage_idle_bucket=2i 1486998330000000000  # 50, 99
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,gt=100.0,le=+Inf usage_idle_bucket=0i 1486998330000000000  # none
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/aggregators/histogram/README.md, after:

# Histogram Aggregator Plugin

The histogram aggregator plugin creates histograms containing the counts of
field values within a range.

If `cumulative` is set to true, values added to a bucket are also added to the
larger buckets in the distribution. This creates a [cumulative histogram][1].
Otherwise, values are added to only one bucket, which creates an [ordinary
histogram][1]

Like other Telegraf aggregators, the metric is emitted every `period` seconds.
By default bucket counts are not reset between periods and will be non-strictly
increasing while Telegraf is running. This behavior can be changed by setting
the `reset` parameter to true.

[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Histogram#/media/File:Cumulative_vs_normal_histogram.svg

## Design

Each metric is passed to the aggregator and this aggregator searches histogram
buckets for those fields, which have been specified in the config. If buckets
are found, the aggregator will increment +1 to the appropriate
bucket. Otherwise, it will be added to the `+Inf` bucket.  Every `period`
seconds this data will be forwarded to the outputs.

The algorithm of hit counting to buckets was implemented on the base of the
algorithm which is implemented in the Prometheus [client][2].

[2]: https://github.com/prometheus/client_golang/blob/master/prometheus/histogram.go

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Configuration for aggregate histogram metrics
[[aggregators.histogram]]
  ## The period in which to flush the aggregator.
  period = "30s"

  ## If true, the original metric will be dropped by the
  ## aggregator and will not get sent to the output plugins.
  drop_original = false

  ## If true, the histogram will be reset on flush instead
  ## of accumulating the results.
  reset = false

  ## Whether bucket values should be accumulated. If set to false, "gt" tag will be added.
  ## Defaults to true.
  cumulative = true

  ## Expiration interval for each histogram. The histogram will be expired if
  ## there are no changes in any buckets for this time interval. 0 == no expiration.
  # expiration_interval = "0m"

  ## If true, aggregated histogram are pushed to output only if it was updated since
  ## previous push. Defaults to false.
  # push_only_on_update = false

  ## Example config that aggregates all fields of the metric.
  # [[aggregators.histogram.config]]
  #   ## Right borders of buckets (with +Inf implicitly added).
  #   buckets = [0.0, 15.6, 34.5, 49.1, 71.5, 80.5, 94.5, 100.0]
  #   ## The name of metric.
  #   measurement_name = "cpu"

  ## Example config that aggregates only specific fields of the metric.
  # [[aggregators.histogram.config]]
  #   ## Right borders of buckets (with +Inf implicitly added).
  #   buckets = [0.0, 10.0, 20.0, 30.0, 40.0, 50.0, 60.0, 70.0, 80.0, 90.0, 100.0]
  #   ## The name of metric.
  #   measurement_name = "diskio"
  #   ## The concrete fields of metric
  #   fields = ["io_time", "read_time", "write_time"]
```

The user is responsible for defining the bounds of the histogram bucket as
well as the measurement name and fields to aggregate.

Each histogram config section must contain a `buckets` and `measurement_name`
option.  Optionally, if `fields` is set only the fields listed will be
aggregated.  If `fields` is not set all fields are aggregated.

The `buckets` option contains a list of floats which specify the bucket
boundaries.  Each float value defines the inclusive upper (right) bound of the
bucket.  The `+Inf` bucket is added automatically and does not need to be
defined.  (For left boundaries, these specified bucket borders and `-Inf` will
be used).

## Measurements & Fields

The postfix `bucket` will be added to each field key.

- measurement1
  - field1_bucket
  - field2_bucket

### Tags

- `cumulative = true` (default):
  - `le`: Right bucket border. It means that the metric value is less than or
    equal to the value of this tag. If a metric value is sorted into a bucket,
    it is also sorted into all larger buckets. As a result, the value of
    `<field>_bucket` is rising with rising `le` value. When `le` is `+Inf`,
    the bucket value is the count of all metrics, because all metric values are
    less than or equal to positive infinity.
- `cumulative = false`:
  - `gt`: Left bucket border. It means that the metric value is greater than
    (and not equal to) the value of this tag.
  - `le`: Right bucket border. It means that the metric value is less than or
    equal to the value of this tag.
  - As both `gt` and `le` are present, each metric is sorted in only exactly
    one bucket.

## Example Output

Let assume we have the buckets [0, 10, 50, 100] and the following field values
for `usage_idle`: [50, 7, 99, 12]

With `cumulative = true`:

```text
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,le=0.0 usage_idle_bucket=0i 1486998330000000000  # none
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,le=10.0 usage_idle_bucket=1i 1486998330000000000  # 7
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,le=50.0 usage_idle_bucket=2i 1486998330000000000  # 7, 12
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,le=100.0 usage_idle_bucket=4i 1486998330000000000  # 7, 12, 50, 99
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,le=+Inf usage_idle_bucket=4i 1486998330000000000  # 7, 12, 50, 99
```

With `cumulative = false`:

```text
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,gt=-Inf,le=0.0 usage_idle_bucket=0i 1486998330000000000  # none
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,gt=0.0,le=10.0 usage_idle_bucket=1i 1486998330000000000  # 7
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,gt=10.0,le=50.0 usage_idle_bucket=1i 1486998330000000000  # 12
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,gt=50.0,le=100.0 usage_idle_bucket=2i 1486998330000000000  # 50, 99
cpu,cpu=cpu1,host=localhost,gt=100.0,le=+Inf usage_idle_bucket=0i 1486998330000000000  # none
```
