plugins/outputs/influxdb_v2/README.md, before:

# InfluxDB v2.x Output Plugin

The InfluxDB output plugin writes metrics to the [InfluxDB v2.x] HTTP service.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Configuration for sending metrics to InfluxDB 2.0
[[outputs.influxdb_v2]]
  ## The URLs of the InfluxDB cluster nodes.
  ##
  ## Multiple URLs can be specified for a single cluster, only ONE of the
  ## urls will be written to each interval.
  ##   ex: urls = ["https://us-west-2-1.aws.cloud2.influxdata.com"]
  urls = ["http://127.0.0.1:8086"]

  ## Token for authentication.
  token = ""

  ## Organization is the name of the organization you wish to write to.
  organization = ""

  ## Destination bucket to write into.
  bucket = ""

  ## The value of this tag will be used to determine the bucket.  If this
  ## tag is not set the 'bucket' option is used as the default.
  # bucket_tag = ""

  ## If true, the bucket tag will not be added to the metric.
  # exclude_bucket_tag = false

  ## Timeout for HTTP messages.
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Additional HTTP headers
  # http_headers = {"X-Special-Header" = "Special-Value"}

  ## HTTP Proxy override, if unset values the standard proxy environment
  ## variables are consulted to determine which proxy, if any, should be used.
  # http_proxy = "http://corporate.proxy:3128"

  ## HTTP User-Agent
  # user_agent = "telegraf"

  ## Content-Encoding for write request body, can be set to "gzip" to
  ## compress body or "identity" to apply no encoding.
  # content_encoding = "gzip"

  ## Enable or disable uint support for writing uints influxdb 2.0.
  # influx_uint_support = false

  ## Optional TLS Config for use on HTTP connections.
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false
```

## Metrics

Reference the [influx serializer][] for details about metric production.

[InfluxDB v2.x]: https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb
[influx serializer]: /plugins/serializers/influx/README.md#Metrics

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/outputs/influxdb_v2/README.md, after:

# InfluxDB v2.x Output Plugin

The InfluxDB output plugin writes metrics to the [InfluxDB v2.x] HTTP service.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Configuration for sending metrics to InfluxDB 2.0
[[outputs.influxdb_v2]]
  ## The URLs of the InfluxDB cluster nodes.
  ##
  ## Multiple URLs can be specified for a single cluster, only ONE of the
  ## urls will be written to each interval.
  ##   ex: urls = ["https://us-west-2-1.aws.cloud2.influxdata.com"]
  urls = ["http://127.0.0.1:8086"]

  ## Token for authentication.
  token = ""

  ## Organization is the name of the organization you wish to write to.
  organization = ""

  ## Destination bucket to write into.
  bucket = ""

  ## The value of this tag will be used to determine the bucket.  If this
  ## tag is not set the 'bucket' option is used as the default.
  # bucket_tag = ""

  ## If true, the bucket tag will not be added to the metric.
  # exclude_bucket_tag = false

  ## Timeout for HTTP messages.
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Additional HTTP headers
  # http_headers = {"X-Special-Header" = "Special-Value"}

  ## HTTP Proxy override, if unset values the standard proxy environment
  ## variables are consulted to determine which proxy, if any, should be used.
  # http_proxy = "http://corporate.proxy:3128"

  ## HTTP User-Agent
  # user_agent = "telegraf"

  ## Content-Encoding for write request body, can be set to "gzip" to
  ## compress body or "identity" to apply no encoding.
  # content_encoding = "gzip"

  ## Enable or disable uint support for writing uints influxdb 2.0.
  # influx_uint_support = false

  ## Optional TLS Config for use on HTTP connections.
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false
```

## Metrics

Reference the [influx serializer][] for details about metric production.

[InfluxDB v2.x]: https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb
[influx serializer]: /plugins/serializers/influx/README.md#Metrics
