plugins/inputs/cassandra/README.md, before:

# Cassandra Input Plugin

**Deprecated in version 1.7**: Please use the [jolokia2](../jolokia2/README.md)
plugin with the [cassandra.conf](../jolokia2/examples/cassandra.conf) example
configuration.

## Plugin arguments

- **context** string: Context root used for jolokia url
- **servers** []string: List of servers with the format `<user:passwd@><host>:port`"
- **metrics** []string: List of Jmx paths that identify mbeans attributes

## Description

The Cassandra plugin collects Cassandra 3 / JVM metrics exposed as MBean's
attributes through jolokia REST endpoint. All metrics are collected for each
server configured.

See: [https://jolokia.org/](https://jolokia.org/) and [Cassandra
Documentation][1]

[1]: http://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/3.x/cassandra/operations/monitoringCassandraTOC.html

## Metrics

Cassandra plugin produces one or more measurements for each metric configured,
adding Server's name as `host` tag. More than one measurement is generated when
querying table metrics with a wildcard for the keyspace or table name.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read Cassandra metrics through Jolokia
[[inputs.cassandra]]
  context = "/jolokia/read"
  ## List of cassandra servers exposing jolokia read service
  servers = ["myuser:mypassword@10.10.10.1:8778","10.10.10.2:8778",":8778"]
  ## List of metrics collected on above servers
  ## Each metric consists of a jmx path.
  ## This will collect all heap memory usage metrics from the jvm and
  ## ReadLatency metrics for all keyspaces and tables.
  ## "type=Table" in the query works with Cassandra3.0. Older versions might
  ## need to use "type=ColumnFamily"
  metrics  = [
    "/java.lang:type=Memory/HeapMemoryUsage",
    "/org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=*,scope=*,name=ReadLatency"
  ]
```

## Example Output

```shell
javaMemory,host=myHost,mname=HeapMemoryUsage HeapMemoryUsage_committed=1040187392,HeapMemoryUsage_init=1050673152,HeapMemoryUsage_max=1040187392,HeapMemoryUsage_used=368155000 1459551767230567084
```

## Useful Metrics

Here is a list of metrics that might be useful to monitor your cassandra
cluster. This was put together from multiple sources on the web.

- [How to monitor Cassandra performance metrics](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/how-to-monitor-cassandra-performance-metrics)
- [Cassandra Documentation](http://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/3.x/cassandra/operations/monitoringCassandraTOC.html)

### measurement = javaGarbageCollector

- /java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=ConcurrentMarkSweep/CollectionTime
- /java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=ConcurrentMarkSweep/CollectionCount
- /java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=ParNew/CollectionTime
- /java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=ParNew/CollectionCount

### measurement = javaMemory

- /java.lang:type=Memory/HeapMemoryUsage
- /java.lang:type=Memory/NonHeapMemoryUsage

### measurement = cassandraCache

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=KeyCache,name=Hits
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=KeyCache,name=Requests
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=KeyCache,name=Entries
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=KeyCache,name=Size
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=KeyCache,name=Capacity
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=RowCache,name=Hits
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=RowCache,name=Requests
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=RowCache,name=Entries
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=RowCache,name=Size
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=RowCache,name=Capacity

### measurement = cassandraClient

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Client,name=connectedNativeClients

### measurement = cassandraClientRequest

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Read,name=TotalLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Write,name=TotalLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Read,name=Latency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Write,name=Latency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Read,name=Timeouts
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Write,name=Timeouts
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Read,name=Unavailables
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Write,name=Unavailables
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Read,name=Failures
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Write,name=Failures

### measurement = cassandraCommitLog

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=CommitLog,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=CommitLog,name=TotalCommitLogSize

### measurement = cassandraCompaction

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Compaction,name=CompletedTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Compaction,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Compaction,name=TotalCompactionsCompleted
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Compaction,name=BytesCompacted

### measurement = cassandraStorage

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Storage,name=Load
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Storage,name=Exceptions

### measurement = cassandraTable

Using wildcards for "keyspace" and "scope" can create a lot of series as metrics
will be reported for every table and keyspace including internal system
tables. Specify a keyspace name and/or a table name to limit them.

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=LiveDiskSpaceUsed
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=TotalDiskSpaceUsed
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=ReadLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=CoordinatorReadLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=WriteLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=ReadTotalLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=WriteTotalLatency

### measurement = cassandraThreadPools

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=internal,scope=CompactionExecutor,name=ActiveTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=internal,scope=AntiEntropyStage,name=ActiveTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=CounterMutationStage,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=CounterMutationStage,name=CurrentlyBlockedTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=MutationStage,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=MutationStage,name=CurrentlyBlockedTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=ReadRepairStage,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=ReadRepairStage,name=CurrentlyBlockedTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=ReadStage,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=ReadStage,name=CurrentlyBlockedTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=RequestResponseStage,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=RequestResponseStage,name=CurrentlyBlockedTasks

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/inputs/cassandra/README.md, after:

# Cassandra Input Plugin

**Deprecated in version 1.7**: Please use the [jolokia2](../jolokia2/README.md)
plugin with the [cassandra.conf](../jolokia2/examples/cassandra.conf) example
configuration.

## Plugin arguments

- **context** string: Context root used for jolokia url
- **servers** []string: List of servers with the format `<user:passwd@><host>:port`"
- **metrics** []string: List of Jmx paths that identify mbeans attributes

## Description

The Cassandra plugin collects Cassandra 3 / JVM metrics exposed as MBean's
attributes through jolokia REST endpoint. All metrics are collected for each
server configured.

See: [https://jolokia.org/](https://jolokia.org/) and [Cassandra
Documentation][1]

[1]: http://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/3.x/cassandra/operations/monitoringCassandraTOC.html

## Metrics

Cassandra plugin produces one or more measurements for each metric configured,
adding Server's name as `host` tag. More than one measurement is generated when
querying table metrics with a wildcard for the keyspace or table name.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read Cassandra metrics through Jolokia
[[inputs.cassandra]]
  context = "/jolokia/read"
  ## List of cassandra servers exposing jolokia read service
  servers = ["myuser:mypassword@10.10.10.1:8778","10.10.10.2:8778",":8778"]
  ## List of metrics collected on above servers
  ## Each metric consists of a jmx path.
  ## This will collect all heap memory usage metrics from the jvm and
  ## ReadLatency metrics for all keyspaces and tables.
  ## "type=Table" in the query works with Cassandra3.0. Older versions might
  ## need to use "type=ColumnFamily"
  metrics  = [
    "/java.lang:type=Memory/HeapMemoryUsage",
    "/org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=*,scope=*,name=ReadLatency"
  ]
```

## Example Output

```shell
javaMemory,host=myHost,mname=HeapMemoryUsage HeapMemoryUsage_committed=1040187392,HeapMemoryUsage_init=1050673152,HeapMemoryUsage_max=1040187392,HeapMemoryUsage_used=368155000 1459551767230567084
```

## Useful Metrics

Here is a list of metrics that might be useful to monitor your cassandra
cluster. This was put together from multiple sources on the web.

- [How to monitor Cassandra performance metrics](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/how-to-monitor-cassandra-performance-metrics)
- [Cassandra Documentation](http://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/3.x/cassandra/operations/monitoringCassandraTOC.html)

### measurement = javaGarbageCollector

- /java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=ConcurrentMarkSweep/CollectionTime
- /java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=ConcurrentMarkSweep/CollectionCount
- /java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=ParNew/CollectionTime
- /java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=ParNew/CollectionCount

### measurement = javaMemory

- /java.lang:type=Memory/HeapMemoryUsage
- /java.lang:type=Memory/NonHeapMemoryUsage

### measurement = cassandraCache

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=KeyCache,name=Hits
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=KeyCache,name=Requests
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=KeyCache,name=Entries
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=KeyCache,name=Size
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=KeyCache,name=Capacity
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=RowCache,name=Hits
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=RowCache,name=Requests
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=RowCache,name=Entries
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=RowCache,name=Size
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Cache,scope=RowCache,name=Capacity

### measurement = cassandraClient

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Client,name=connectedNativeClients

### measurement = cassandraClientRequest

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Read,name=TotalLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Write,name=TotalLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Read,name=Latency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Write,name=Latency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Read,name=Timeouts
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Write,name=Timeouts
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Read,name=Unavailables
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Write,name=Unavailables
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Read,name=Failures
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ClientRequest,scope=Write,name=Failures

### measurement = cassandraCommitLog

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=CommitLog,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=CommitLog,name=TotalCommitLogSize

### measurement = cassandraCompaction

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Compaction,name=CompletedTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Compaction,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Compaction,name=TotalCompactionsCompleted
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Compaction,name=BytesCompacted

### measurement = cassandraStorage

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Storage,name=Load
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Storage,name=Exceptions

### measurement = cassandraTable

Using wildcards for "keyspace" and "scope" can create a lot of series as metrics
will be reported for every table and keyspace including internal system
tables. Specify a keyspace name and/or a table name to limit them.

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=LiveDiskSpaceUsed
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=TotalDiskSpaceUsed
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=ReadLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=CoordinatorReadLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=WriteLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=ReadTotalLatency
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=Table,keyspace=\*,scope=\*,name=WriteTotalLatency

### measurement = cassandraThreadPools

- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=internal,scope=CompactionExecutor,name=ActiveTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=internal,scope=AntiEntropyStage,name=ActiveTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=CounterMutationStage,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=CounterMutationStage,name=CurrentlyBlockedTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=MutationStage,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=MutationStage,name=CurrentlyBlockedTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=ReadRepairStage,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=ReadRepairStage,name=CurrentlyBlockedTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=ReadStage,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=ReadStage,name=CurrentlyBlockedTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=RequestResponseStage,name=PendingTasks
- /org.apache.cassandra.metrics:type=ThreadPools,path=request,scope=RequestResponseStage,name=CurrentlyBlockedTasks
