plugins/inputs/processes/README.md, before:

# Processes Input Plugin

This plugin gathers info about the total number of processes and groups
them by status (zombie, sleeping, running, etc.)

On linux this plugin requires access to procfs (/proc), on other OSes
it requires access to execute `ps`.

**Supported Platforms**: Linux, FreeBSD, Darwin

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Get the number of processes and group them by status
[[inputs.processes]]
  # no configuration
```

Another possible configuration is to define an alternative path for resolving
the /proc location.  Using the environment variable `HOST_PROC` the plugin will
retrieve process information from the specified location.

`docker run -v /proc:/rootfs/proc:ro -e HOST_PROC=/rootfs/proc`

## Metrics

- processes
  - fields:
    - blocked (aka disk sleep or uninterruptible sleep)
    - running
    - sleeping
    - stopped
    - total
    - zombie
    - dead
    - wait (freebsd only)
    - idle (bsd and Linux 4+ only)
    - paging (linux only)
    - parked (linux only)
    - total_threads (linux only)

## Process State Mappings

Different OSes use slightly different State codes for their processes, these
state codes are documented in `man ps`, and I will give a mapping of what major
OS state codes correspond to in telegraf metrics:

```sh
Linux  FreeBSD  Darwin  meaning
  R       R       R     running
  S       S       S     sleeping
  Z       Z       Z     zombie
  X      none    none   dead
  T       T       T     stopped
  I       I       I     idle (sleeping for longer than about 20 seconds)
  D      D,L      U     blocked (waiting in uninterruptible sleep, or locked)
  W       W      none   paging (linux kernel < 2.6 only), wait (freebsd)
```

## Example Output

```shell
processes blocked=8i,running=1i,sleeping=265i,stopped=0i,total=274i,zombie=0i,dead=0i,paging=0i,total_threads=687i 1457478636980905042
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/inputs/processes/README.md, after:

# Processes Input Plugin

This plugin gathers info about the total number of processes and groups
them by status (zombie, sleeping, running, etc.)

On linux this plugin requires access to procfs (/proc), on other OSes
it requires access to execute `ps`.

**Supported Platforms**: Linux, FreeBSD, Darwin

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Get the number of processes and group them by status
[[inputs.processes]]
  # no configuration
```

Another possible configuration is to define an alternative path for resolving
the /proc location.  Using the environment variable `HOST_PROC` the plugin will
retrieve process information from the specified location.

`docker run -v /proc:/rootfs/proc:ro -e HOST_PROC=/rootfs/proc`

## Metrics

- processes
  - fields:
    - blocked (aka disk sleep or uninterruptible sleep)
    - running
    - sleeping
    - stopped
    - total
    - zombie
    - dead
    - wait (freebsd only)
    - idle (bsd and Linux 4+ only)
    - paging (linux only)
    - parked (linux only)
    - total_threads (linux only)

## Process State Mappings

Different OSes use slightly different State codes for their processes, these
state codes are documented in `man ps`, and I will give a mapping of what major
OS state codes correspond to in telegraf metrics:

```sh
Linux  FreeBSD  Darwin  meaning
  R       R       R     running
  S       S       S     sleeping
  Z       Z       Z     zombie
  X      none    none   dead
  T       T       T     stopped
  I       I       I     idle (sleeping for longer than about 20 seconds)
  D      D,L      U     blocked (waiting in uninterruptible sleep, or locked)
  W       W      none   paging (linux kernel < 2.6 only), wait (freebsd)
```

## Example Output

```shell
processes blocked=8i,running=1i,sleeping=265i,stopped=0i,total=274i,zombie=0i,dead=0i,paging=0i,total_threads=687i 1457478636980905042
```
