plugins/inputs/opensmtpd/README.md, before:

# OpenSMTPD Input Plugin

This plugin gathers stats from [OpenSMTPD - a FREE implementation of the
server-side SMTP protocol](https://www.opensmtpd.org/)

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# A plugin to collect stats from Opensmtpd - a validating, recursive, and caching DNS resolver
 [[inputs.opensmtpd]]
   ## If running as a restricted user you can prepend sudo for additional access:
   #use_sudo = false

   ## The default location of the smtpctl binary can be overridden with:
   binary = "/usr/sbin/smtpctl"

   # The default timeout of 1s can be overridden with:
   #timeout = "1s"
```

## Metrics

This is the full list of stats provided by smtpctl and potentially collected by
telegram depending of your smtpctl configuration.

- smtpctl
    bounce_envelope
    bounce_message
    bounce_session
    control_session
    mda_envelope
    mda_pending
    mda_running
    mda_user
    mta_connector
    mta_domain
    mta_envelope
    mta_host
    mta_relay
    mta_route
    mta_session
    mta_source
    mta_task
    mta_task_running
    queue_bounce
    queue_evpcache_load_hit
    queue_evpcache_size
    queue_evpcache_update_hit
    scheduler_delivery_ok
    scheduler_delivery_permfail
    scheduler_delivery_tempfail
    scheduler_envelope
    scheduler_envelope_expired
    scheduler_envelope_incoming
    scheduler_envelope_inflight
    scheduler_ramqueue_envelope
    scheduler_ramqueue_message
    scheduler_ramqueue_update
    smtp_session
    smtp_session_inet4
    smtp_session_local
    uptime

## Permissions

It's important to note that this plugin references smtpctl, which may require
additional permissions to execute successfully.  Depending on the user/group
permissions of the telegraf user executing this plugin, you may need to alter
the group membership, set facls, or use sudo.

**Group membership (Recommended)**:

```bash
$ groups telegraf
telegraf : telegraf

$ usermod -a -G opensmtpd telegraf

$ groups telegraf
telegraf : telegraf opensmtpd
```

**Sudo privileges**:
If you use this method, you will need the following in your telegraf config:

```toml
[[inputs.opensmtpd]]
  use_sudo = true
```

You will also need to update your sudoers file:

```bash
$ visudo
# Add the following line:
Cmnd_Alias SMTPCTL = /usr/sbin/smtpctl
telegraf  ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: SMTPCTL
Defaults!SMTPCTL !logfile, !syslog, !pam_session
```

Please use the solution you see as most appropriate.

## Example Output

```shell
 telegraf --config etc/telegraf.conf --input-filter opensmtpd --test
* Plugin: inputs.opensmtpd, Collection 1
> opensmtpd,host=localhost scheduler_delivery_tempfail=822,mta_host=10,mta_task_running=4,queue_bounce=13017,scheduler_delivery_permfail=51022,mta_relay=7,queue_evpcache_size=2,scheduler_envelope_expired=26,bounce_message=0,mta_domain=7,queue_evpcache_update_hit=848,smtp_session_local=12294,bounce_envelope=0,queue_evpcache_load_hit=4389703,scheduler_ramqueue_update=0,mta_route=3,scheduler_delivery_ok=2149489,smtp_session_inet4=2131997,control_session=1,scheduler_envelope_incoming=0,uptime=10346728,scheduler_ramqueue_envelope=2,smtp_session=0,bounce_session=0,mta_envelope=2,mta_session=6,mta_task=2,scheduler_ramqueue_message=2,mta_connector=7,mta_source=1,scheduler_envelope=2,scheduler_envelope_inflight=2 1510220300000000000

```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/inputs/opensmtpd/README.md, after:

# OpenSMTPD Input Plugin

This plugin gathers stats from [OpenSMTPD - a FREE implementation of the
server-side SMTP protocol](https://www.opensmtpd.org/)

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# A plugin to collect stats from Opensmtpd - a validating, recursive, and caching DNS resolver
 [[inputs.opensmtpd]]
   ## If running as a restricted user you can prepend sudo for additional access:
   #use_sudo = false

   ## The default location of the smtpctl binary can be overridden with:
   binary = "/usr/sbin/smtpctl"

   # The default timeout of 1s can be overridden with:
   #timeout = "1s"
```

## Metrics

This is the full list of stats provided by smtpctl and potentially collected by
telegram depending of your smtpctl configuration.

- smtpctl
    bounce_envelope
    bounce_message
    bounce_session
    control_session
    mda_envelope
    mda_pending
    mda_running
    mda_user
    mta_connector
    mta_domain
    mta_envelope
    mta_host
    mta_relay
    mta_route
    mta_session
    mta_source
    mta_task
    mta_task_running
    queue_bounce
    queue_evpcache_load_hit
    queue_evpcache_size
    queue_evpcache_update_hit
    scheduler_delivery_ok
    scheduler_delivery_permfail
    scheduler_delivery_tempfail
    scheduler_envelope
    scheduler_envelope_expired
    scheduler_envelope_incoming
    scheduler_envelope_inflight
    scheduler_ramqueue_envelope
    scheduler_ramqueue_message
    scheduler_ramqueue_update
    smtp_session
    smtp_session_inet4
    smtp_session_local
    uptime

## Permissions

It's important to note that this plugin references smtpctl, which may require
additional permissions to execute successfully.  Depending on the user/group
permissions of the telegraf user executing this plugin, you may need to alter
the group membership, set facls, or use sudo.

**Group membership (Recommended)**:

```bash
$ groups telegraf
telegraf : telegraf

$ usermod -a -G opensmtpd telegraf

$ groups telegraf
telegraf : telegraf opensmtpd
```

**Sudo privileges**:
If you use this method, you will need the following in your telegraf config:

```toml
[[inputs.opensmtpd]]
  use_sudo = true
```

You will also need to update your sudoers file:

```bash
$ visudo
# Add the following line:
Cmnd_Alias SMTPCTL = /usr/sbin/smtpctl
telegraf  ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: SMTPCTL
Defaults!SMTPCTL !logfile, !syslog, !pam_session
```

Please use the solution you see as most appropriate.

## Example Output

```shell
 telegraf --config etc/telegraf.conf --input-filter opensmtpd --test
* Plugin: inputs.opensmtpd, Collection 1
> opensmtpd,host=localhost scheduler_delivery_tempfail=822,mta_host=10,mta_task_running=4,queue_bounce=13017,scheduler_delivery_permfail=51022,mta_relay=7,queue_evpcache_size=2,scheduler_envelope_expired=26,bounce_message=0,mta_domain=7,queue_evpcache_update_hit=848,smtp_session_local=12294,bounce_envelope=0,queue_evpcache_load_hit=4389703,scheduler_ramqueue_update=0,mta_route=3,scheduler_delivery_ok=2149489,smtp_session_inet4=2131997,control_session=1,scheduler_envelope_incoming=0,uptime=10346728,scheduler_ramqueue_envelope=2,smtp_session=0,bounce_session=0,mta_envelope=2,mta_session=6,mta_task=2,scheduler_ramqueue_message=2,mta_connector=7,mta_source=1,scheduler_envelope=2,scheduler_envelope_inflight=2 1510220300000000000

```
