plugins/inputs/http_listener_v2/README.md, before:

# HTTP Listener v2 Input Plugin

HTTP Listener v2 is a service input plugin that listens for metrics sent via
HTTP. Metrics may be sent in any supported [data format][data_format]. For
metrics in [InfluxDB Line Protocol][line_protocol] it's recommended to use the
[`influxdb_listener`][influxdb_listener] or
[`influxdb_v2_listener`][influxdb_v2_listener] instead.

**Note:** The plugin previously known as `http_listener` has been renamed
`influxdb_listener`.  If you would like Telegraf to act as a proxy/relay for
InfluxDB it is recommended to use [`influxdb_listener`][influxdb_listener] or
[`influxdb_v2_listener`][influxdb_v2_listener].

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Generic HTTP write listener
[[inputs.http_listener_v2]]
  ## Address and port to host HTTP listener on
  service_address = ":8080"

  ## Paths to listen to.
  # paths = ["/telegraf"]

  ## Save path as http_listener_v2_path tag if set to true
  # path_tag = false

  ## HTTP methods to accept.
  # methods = ["POST", "PUT"]

  ## maximum duration before timing out read of the request
  # read_timeout = "10s"
  ## maximum duration before timing out write of the response
  # write_timeout = "10s"

  ## Maximum allowed http request body size in bytes.
  ## 0 means to use the default of 524,288,000 bytes (500 mebibytes)
  # max_body_size = "500MB"

  ## Part of the request to consume.  Available options are "body" and
  ## "query".
  # data_source = "body"

  ## Set one or more allowed client CA certificate file names to
  ## enable mutually authenticated TLS connections
  # tls_allowed_cacerts = ["/etc/telegraf/clientca.pem"]

  ## Add service certificate and key
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"

  ## Optional username and password to accept for HTTP basic authentication.
  ## You probably want to make sure you have TLS configured above for this.
  # basic_username = "foobar"
  # basic_password = "barfoo"

  ## Optional setting to map http headers into tags
  ## If the http header is not present on the request, no corresponding tag will be added
  ## If multiple instances of the http header are present, only the first value will be used
  # http_header_tags = {"HTTP_HEADER" = "TAG_NAME"}

  ## Data format to consume.
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```

## Metrics

Metrics are collected from the part of the request specified by the
`data_source` param and are parsed depending on the value of `data_format`.

## Troubleshooting

Send Line Protocol:

```shell
curl -i -XPOST 'http://localhost:8080/telegraf' --data-binary 'cpu_load_short,host=server01,region=us-west value=0.64 1434055562000000000'
```

Send JSON:

```shell
curl -i -XPOST 'http://localhost:8080/telegraf' --data-binary '{"value1": 42, "value2": 42}'
```

Send query params:

```shell
curl -i -XGET 'http://localhost:8080/telegraf?host=server01&value=0.42'
```

[data_format]: /docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
[influxdb_listener]: /plugins/inputs/influxdb_listener/README.md
[line_protocol]: https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/cloud/reference/syntax/line-protocol/
[influxdb_v2_listener]: /plugins/inputs/influxdb_v2_listener/README.md

Commit message:

feat(common.tls): Implement minimum TLS version for clients (#11493)

plugins/inputs/http_listener_v2/README.md, after:

# HTTP Listener v2 Input Plugin

HTTP Listener v2 is a service input plugin that listens for metrics sent via
HTTP. Metrics may be sent in any supported [data format][data_format]. For
metrics in [InfluxDB Line Protocol][line_protocol] it's recommended to use the
[`influxdb_listener`][influxdb_listener] or
[`influxdb_v2_listener`][influxdb_v2_listener] instead.

**Note:** The plugin previously known as `http_listener` has been renamed
`influxdb_listener`.  If you would like Telegraf to act as a proxy/relay for
InfluxDB it is recommended to use [`influxdb_listener`][influxdb_listener] or
[`influxdb_v2_listener`][influxdb_v2_listener].

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Generic HTTP write listener
[[inputs.http_listener_v2]]
  ## Address and port to host HTTP listener on
  service_address = ":8080"

  ## Paths to listen to.
  # paths = ["/telegraf"]

  ## Save path as http_listener_v2_path tag if set to true
  # path_tag = false

  ## HTTP methods to accept.
  # methods = ["POST", "PUT"]

  ## maximum duration before timing out read of the request
  # read_timeout = "10s"
  ## maximum duration before timing out write of the response
  # write_timeout = "10s"

  ## Maximum allowed http request body size in bytes.
  ## 0 means to use the default of 524,288,000 bytes (500 mebibytes)
  # max_body_size = "500MB"

  ## Part of the request to consume.  Available options are "body" and
  ## "query".
  # data_source = "body"

  ## Set one or more allowed client CA certificate file names to
  ## enable mutually authenticated TLS connections
  # tls_allowed_cacerts = ["/etc/telegraf/clientca.pem"]

  ## Add service certificate and key
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"

  ## Minimal TLS version accepted by the server
  # tls_min_version = "TLS12"

  ## Optional username and password to accept for HTTP basic authentication.
  ## You probably want to make sure you have TLS configured above for this.
  # basic_username = "foobar"
  # basic_password = "barfoo"

  ## Optional setting to map http headers into tags
  ## If the http header is not present on the request, no corresponding tag will be added
  ## If multiple instances of the http header are present, only the first value will be used
  # http_header_tags = {"HTTP_HEADER" = "TAG_NAME"}

  ## Data format to consume.
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```

## Metrics

Metrics are collected from the part of the request specified by the
`data_source` param and are parsed depending on the value of `data_format`.

## Example Output

## Troubleshooting

Send Line Protocol:

```shell
curl -i -XPOST 'http://localhost:8080/telegraf' --data-binary 'cpu_load_short,host=server01,region=us-west value=0.64 1434055562000000000'
```

Send JSON:

```shell
curl -i -XPOST 'http://localhost:8080/telegraf' --data-binary '{"value1": 42, "value2": 42}'
```

Send query params:

```shell
curl -i -XGET 'http://localhost:8080/telegraf?host=server01&value=0.42'
```

[data_format]: /docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
[influxdb_listener]: /plugins/inputs/influxdb_listener/README.md
[line_protocol]: https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/cloud/reference/syntax/line-protocol/
[influxdb_v2_listener]: /plugins/inputs/influxdb_v2_listener/README.md
