plugins/outputs/librato/README.md, before:

# Librato Output Plugin

This plugin writes to the [Librato Metrics API][metrics-api] and requires an
`api_user` and `api_token` which can be obtained [here][tokens] for the account.

The `source_tag` option in the Configuration file is used to send contextual
information from Point Tags to the API.

If the point value being sent cannot be converted to a float64, the metric is
skipped.

Currently, the plugin does not send any associated Point Tags.

[metrics-api]: http://dev.librato.com/v1/metrics#metrics

[tokens]: https://metrics.librato.com/account/api_tokens

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Configuration for Librato API to send metrics to.
[[outputs.librato]]
  ## Librato API Docs
  ## http://dev.librato.com/v1/metrics-authentication
  ## Librato API user
  api_user = "telegraf@influxdb.com" # required.
  ## Librato API token
  api_token = "my-secret-token" # required.
  ## Debug
  # debug = false
  ## Connection timeout.
  # timeout = "5s"
  ## Output source Template (same as graphite buckets)
  ## see https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_OUTPUT.md#graphite
  ## This template is used in librato's source (not metric's name)
  template = "host"
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/outputs/librato/README.md, after:

# Librato Output Plugin

This plugin writes to the [Librato Metrics API][metrics-api] and requires an
`api_user` and `api_token` which can be obtained [here][tokens] for the account.

The `source_tag` option in the Configuration file is used to send contextual
information from Point Tags to the API.

If the point value being sent cannot be converted to a float64, the metric is
skipped.

Currently, the plugin does not send any associated Point Tags.

[metrics-api]: http://dev.librato.com/v1/metrics#metrics

[tokens]: https://metrics.librato.com/account/api_tokens

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Configuration for Librato API to send metrics to.
[[outputs.librato]]
  ## Librato API Docs
  ## http://dev.librato.com/v1/metrics-authentication
  ## Librato API user
  api_user = "telegraf@influxdb.com" # required.
  ## Librato API token
  api_token = "my-secret-token" # required.
  ## Debug
  # debug = false
  ## Connection timeout.
  # timeout = "5s"
  ## Output source Template (same as graphite buckets)
  ## see https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_OUTPUT.md#graphite
  ## This template is used in librato's source (not metric's name)
  template = "host"
```
