plugins/outputs/bigquery/README.md, before:

# Google BigQuery Output Plugin

This plugin writes to the [Google Cloud
BigQuery](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery) and requires
[authentication](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/authentication) with
Google Cloud using either a service account or user credentials.

Be aware that this plugin accesses APIs that are
[chargeable](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/pricing) and might incur costs.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Configuration for Google Cloud BigQuery to send entries
[[outputs.bigquery]]
  ## Credentials File
  credentials_file = "/path/to/service/account/key.json"

  ## Google Cloud Platform Project
  project = "my-gcp-project"

  ## The namespace for the metric descriptor
  dataset = "telegraf"

  ## Timeout for BigQuery operations.
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Character to replace hyphens on Metric name
  # replace_hyphen_to = "_"
```

Requires `project` to specify where BigQuery entries will be persisted.

Requires `dataset` to specify under which BigQuery dataset the corresponding
metrics tables reside.

Each metric should have a corresponding table to BigQuery.  The schema of the
table on BigQuery:

* Should contain the field `timestamp` which is the timestamp of a telegraph
  metrics
* Should contain the metric's tags with the same name and the column type should
  be set to string.
* Should contain the metric's fields with the same name and the column type
  should match the field type.

## Restrictions

Avoid hyphens on BigQuery tables, underlying SDK cannot handle streaming inserts
to Table with hyphens.

In cases of metrics with hyphens please use the [Rename Processor
Plugin][rename].

In case of a metric with hyphen by default hyphens shall be replaced with
underscores (_).  This can be altered using the `replace_hyphen_to`
configuration property.

Available data type options are:

* integer
* float or long
* string
* boolean

All field naming restrictions that apply to BigQuery should apply to the
measurements to be imported.

Tables on BigQuery should be created beforehand and they are not created during
persistence

Pay attention to the column `timestamp` since it is reserved upfront and cannot
change.  If partitioning is required make sure it is applied beforehand.

[rename]: ../../processors/rename/README.md

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/outputs/bigquery/README.md, after:

# Google BigQuery Output Plugin

This plugin writes to the [Google Cloud
BigQuery](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery) and requires
[authentication](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/authentication) with
Google Cloud using either a service account or user credentials.

Be aware that this plugin accesses APIs that are
[chargeable](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/pricing) and might incur costs.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Configuration for Google Cloud BigQuery to send entries
[[outputs.bigquery]]
  ## Credentials File
  credentials_file = "/path/to/service/account/key.json"

  ## Google Cloud Platform Project
  project = "my-gcp-project"

  ## The namespace for the metric descriptor
  dataset = "telegraf"

  ## Timeout for BigQuery operations.
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Character to replace hyphens on Metric name
  # replace_hyphen_to = "_"
```

Requires `project` to specify where BigQuery entries will be persisted.

Requires `dataset` to specify under which BigQuery dataset the corresponding
metrics tables reside.

Each metric should have a corresponding table to BigQuery.  The schema of the
table on BigQuery:

* Should contain the field `timestamp` which is the timestamp of a telegraph
  metrics
* Should contain the metric's tags with the same name and the column type should
  be set to string.
* Should contain the metric's fields with the same name and the column type
  should match the field type.

## Restrictions

Avoid hyphens on BigQuery tables, underlying SDK cannot handle streaming inserts
to Table with hyphens.

In cases of metrics with hyphens please use the [Rename Processor
Plugin][rename].

In case of a metric with hyphen by default hyphens shall be replaced with
underscores (_).  This can be altered using the `replace_hyphen_to`
configuration property.

Available data type options are:

* integer
* float or long
* string
* boolean

All field naming restrictions that apply to BigQuery should apply to the
measurements to be imported.

Tables on BigQuery should be created beforehand and they are not created during
persistence

Pay attention to the column `timestamp` since it is reserved upfront and cannot
change.  If partitioning is required make sure it is applied beforehand.

[rename]: ../../processors/rename/README.md
