plugins/inputs/consul_agent/README.md, before:

# Hashicorp Consul Agent Metrics Input Plugin

This plugin grabs metrics from a Consul agent. Telegraf may be present in every
node and connect to the agent locally. In this case should be something like
`http://127.0.0.1:8500`.

> Tested on Consul 1.10.4 .

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from the Consul Agent API
[[inputs.consul_agent]]
  ## URL for the Consul agent
  # url = "http://127.0.0.1:8500"

  ## Use auth token for authorization.
  ## If both are set, an error is thrown.
  ## If both are empty, no token will be used.
  # token_file = "/path/to/auth/token"
  ## OR
  # token = "a1234567-40c7-9048-7bae-378687048181"

  ## Set timeout (default 5 seconds)
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = /path/to/cafile
  # tls_cert = /path/to/certfile
  # tls_key = /path/to/keyfile
```

## Metrics

Consul collects various metrics. For every details, please have a look at Consul
following documentation:

- [https://www.consul.io/api/agent#view-metrics](https://www.consul.io/api/agent#view-metrics)

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/inputs/consul_agent/README.md, after:

# Hashicorp Consul Agent Metrics Input Plugin

This plugin grabs metrics from a Consul agent. Telegraf may be present in every
node and connect to the agent locally. In this case should be something like
`http://127.0.0.1:8500`.

> Tested on Consul 1.10.4 .

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from the Consul Agent API
[[inputs.consul_agent]]
  ## URL for the Consul agent
  # url = "http://127.0.0.1:8500"

  ## Use auth token for authorization.
  ## If both are set, an error is thrown.
  ## If both are empty, no token will be used.
  # token_file = "/path/to/auth/token"
  ## OR
  # token = "a1234567-40c7-9048-7bae-378687048181"

  ## Set timeout (default 5 seconds)
  # timeout = "5s"

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = /path/to/cafile
  # tls_cert = /path/to/certfile
  # tls_key = /path/to/keyfile
```

## Metrics

Consul collects various metrics. For every details, please have a look at Consul
following documentation:

- [https://www.consul.io/api/agent#view-metrics](https://www.consul.io/api/agent#view-metrics)
