plugins/inputs/nstat/README.md, before:

# Nstat Input Plugin

Plugin collects network metrics from `/proc/net/netstat`, `/proc/net/snmp` and
`/proc/net/snmp6` files

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Collect kernel snmp counters and network interface statistics
[[inputs.nstat]]
  ## file paths for proc files. If empty default paths will be used:
  ##    /proc/net/netstat, /proc/net/snmp, /proc/net/snmp6
  ## These can also be overridden with env variables, see README.
  proc_net_netstat = "/proc/net/netstat"
  proc_net_snmp = "/proc/net/snmp"
  proc_net_snmp6 = "/proc/net/snmp6"
  ## dump metrics with 0 values too
  dump_zeros       = true
```

The plugin firstly tries to read file paths from config values if it is empty,
then it reads from env variables.

* `PROC_NET_NETSTAT`
* `PROC_NET_SNMP`
* `PROC_NET_SNMP6`

If these variables are also not set,
then it tries to read the proc root from env - `PROC_ROOT`,
and sets `/proc` as a root path if `PROC_ROOT` is also empty.

Then appends default file paths:

* `/net/netstat`
* `/net/snmp`
* `/net/snmp6`

So if nothing is given, no paths in config and in env vars, the plugin takes the
default paths.

* `/proc/net/netstat`
* `/proc/net/snmp`
* `/proc/net/snmp6`

In case that `proc_net_snmp6` path doesn't exist (e.g. IPv6 is not enabled) no
error would be raised.

## Metrics

* nstat
  * Icmp6InCsumErrors
  * Icmp6InDestUnreachs
  * Icmp6InEchoReplies
  * Icmp6InEchos
  * Icmp6InErrors
  * Icmp6InGroupMembQueries
  * Icmp6InGroupMembReductions
  * Icmp6InGroupMembResponses
  * Icmp6InMLDv2Reports
  * Icmp6InMsgs
  * Icmp6InNeighborAdvertisements
  * Icmp6InNeighborSolicits
  * Icmp6InParmProblems
  * Icmp6InPktTooBigs
  * Icmp6InRedirects
  * Icmp6InRouterAdvertisements
  * Icmp6InRouterSolicits
  * Icmp6InTimeExcds
  * Icmp6OutDestUnreachs
  * Icmp6OutEchoReplies
  * Icmp6OutEchos
  * Icmp6OutErrors
  * Icmp6OutGroupMembQueries
  * Icmp6OutGroupMembReductions
  * Icmp6OutGroupMembResponses
  * Icmp6OutMLDv2Reports
  * Icmp6OutMsgs
  * Icmp6OutNeighborAdvertisements
  * Icmp6OutNeighborSolicits
  * Icmp6OutParmProblems
  * Icmp6OutPktTooBigs
  * Icmp6OutRedirects
  * Icmp6OutRouterAdvertisements
  * Icmp6OutRouterSolicits
  * Icmp6OutTimeExcds
  * Icmp6OutType133
  * Icmp6OutType135
  * Icmp6OutType143
  * IcmpInAddrMaskReps
  * IcmpInAddrMasks
  * IcmpInCsumErrors
  * IcmpInDestUnreachs
  * IcmpInEchoReps
  * IcmpInEchos
  * IcmpInErrors
  * IcmpInMsgs
  * IcmpInParmProbs
  * IcmpInRedirects
  * IcmpInSrcQuenchs
  * IcmpInTimeExcds
  * IcmpInTimestampReps
  * IcmpInTimestamps
  * IcmpMsgInType3
  * IcmpMsgOutType3
  * IcmpOutAddrMaskReps
  * IcmpOutAddrMasks
  * IcmpOutDestUnreachs
  * IcmpOutEchoReps
  * IcmpOutEchos
  * IcmpOutErrors
  * IcmpOutMsgs
  * IcmpOutParmProbs
  * IcmpOutRedirects
  * IcmpOutSrcQuenchs
  * IcmpOutTimeExcds
  * IcmpOutTimestampReps
  * IcmpOutTimestamps
  * Ip6FragCreates
  * Ip6FragFails
  * Ip6FragOKs
  * Ip6InAddrErrors
  * Ip6InBcastOctets
  * Ip6InCEPkts
  * Ip6InDelivers
  * Ip6InDiscards
  * Ip6InECT0Pkts
  * Ip6InECT1Pkts
  * Ip6InHdrErrors
  * Ip6InMcastOctets
  * Ip6InMcastPkts
  * Ip6InNoECTPkts
  * Ip6InNoRoutes
  * Ip6InOctets
  * Ip6InReceives
  * Ip6InTooBigErrors
  * Ip6InTruncatedPkts
  * Ip6InUnknownProtos
  * Ip6OutBcastOctets
  * Ip6OutDiscards
  * Ip6OutForwDatagrams
  * Ip6OutMcastOctets
  * Ip6OutMcastPkts
  * Ip6OutNoRoutes
  * Ip6OutOctets
  * Ip6OutRequests
  * Ip6ReasmFails
  * Ip6ReasmOKs
  * Ip6ReasmReqds
  * Ip6ReasmTimeout
  * IpDefaultTTL
  * IpExtInBcastOctets
  * IpExtInBcastPkts
  * IpExtInCEPkts
  * IpExtInCsumErrors
  * IpExtInECT0Pkts
  * IpExtInECT1Pkts
  * IpExtInMcastOctets
  * IpExtInMcastPkts
  * IpExtInNoECTPkts
  * IpExtInNoRoutes
  * IpExtInOctets
  * IpExtInTruncatedPkts
  * IpExtOutBcastOctets
  * IpExtOutBcastPkts
  * IpExtOutMcastOctets
  * IpExtOutMcastPkts
  * IpExtOutOctets
  * IpForwDatagrams
  * IpForwarding
  * IpFragCreates
  * IpFragFails
  * IpFragOKs
  * IpInAddrErrors
  * IpInDelivers
  * IpInDiscards
  * IpInHdrErrors
  * IpInReceives
  * IpInUnknownProtos
  * IpOutDiscards
  * IpOutNoRoutes
  * IpOutRequests
  * IpReasmFails
  * IpReasmOKs
  * IpReasmReqds
  * IpReasmTimeout
  * TcpActiveOpens
  * TcpAttemptFails
  * TcpCurrEstab
  * TcpEstabResets
  * TcpExtArpFilter
  * TcpExtBusyPollRxPackets
  * TcpExtDelayedACKLocked
  * TcpExtDelayedACKLost
  * TcpExtDelayedACKs
  * TcpExtEmbryonicRsts
  * TcpExtIPReversePathFilter
  * TcpExtListenDrops
  * TcpExtListenOverflows
  * TcpExtLockDroppedIcmps
  * TcpExtOfoPruned
  * TcpExtOutOfWindowIcmps
  * TcpExtPAWSActive
  * TcpExtPAWSEstab
  * TcpExtPAWSPassive
  * TcpExtPruneCalled
  * TcpExtRcvPruned
  * TcpExtSyncookiesFailed
  * TcpExtSyncookiesRecv
  * TcpExtSyncookiesSent
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedChallenge
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedFinWait2
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedPAWS
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedSeq
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedSynRecv
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedTimeWait
  * TcpExtTCPAbortFailed
  * TcpExtTCPAbortOnClose
  * TcpExtTCPAbortOnData
  * TcpExtTCPAbortOnLinger
  * TcpExtTCPAbortOnMemory
  * TcpExtTCPAbortOnTimeout
  * TcpExtTCPAutoCorking
  * TcpExtTCPBacklogDrop
  * TcpExtTCPChallengeACK
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKIgnoredNoUndo
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKIgnoredOld
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKOfoRecv
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKOfoSent
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKOldSent
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKRecv
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKUndo
  * TcpExtTCPDeferAcceptDrop
  * TcpExtTCPDirectCopyFromBacklog
  * TcpExtTCPDirectCopyFromPrequeue
  * TcpExtTCPFACKReorder
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenActive
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenActiveFail
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenCookieReqd
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenListenOverflow
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenPassive
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenPassiveFail
  * TcpExtTCPFastRetrans
  * TcpExtTCPForwardRetrans
  * TcpExtTCPFromZeroWindowAdv
  * TcpExtTCPFullUndo
  * TcpExtTCPHPAcks
  * TcpExtTCPHPHits
  * TcpExtTCPHPHitsToUser
  * TcpExtTCPHystartDelayCwnd
  * TcpExtTCPHystartDelayDetect
  * TcpExtTCPHystartTrainCwnd
  * TcpExtTCPHystartTrainDetect
  * TcpExtTCPKeepAlive
  * TcpExtTCPLossFailures
  * TcpExtTCPLossProbeRecovery
  * TcpExtTCPLossProbes
  * TcpExtTCPLossUndo
  * TcpExtTCPLostRetransmit
  * TcpExtTCPMD5NotFound
  * TcpExtTCPMD5Unexpected
  * TcpExtTCPMTUPFail
  * TcpExtTCPMTUPSuccess
  * TcpExtTCPMemoryPressures
  * TcpExtTCPMinTTLDrop
  * TcpExtTCPOFODrop
  * TcpExtTCPOFOMerge
  * TcpExtTCPOFOQueue
  * TcpExtTCPOrigDataSent
  * TcpExtTCPPartialUndo
  * TcpExtTCPPrequeueDropped
  * TcpExtTCPPrequeued
  * TcpExtTCPPureAcks
  * TcpExtTCPRcvCoalesce
  * TcpExtTCPRcvCollapsed
  * TcpExtTCPRenoFailures
  * TcpExtTCPRenoRecovery
  * TcpExtTCPRenoRecoveryFail
  * TcpExtTCPRenoReorder
  * TcpExtTCPReqQFullDoCookies
  * TcpExtTCPReqQFullDrop
  * TcpExtTCPRetransFail
  * TcpExtTCPSACKDiscard
  * TcpExtTCPSACKReneging
  * TcpExtTCPSACKReorder
  * TcpExtTCPSYNChallenge
  * TcpExtTCPSackFailures
  * TcpExtTCPSackMerged
  * TcpExtTCPSackRecovery
  * TcpExtTCPSackRecoveryFail
  * TcpExtTCPSackShiftFallback
  * TcpExtTCPSackShifted
  * TcpExtTCPSchedulerFailed
  * TcpExtTCPSlowStartRetrans
  * TcpExtTCPSpuriousRTOs
  * TcpExtTCPSpuriousRtxHostQueues
  * TcpExtTCPSynRetrans
  * TcpExtTCPTSReorder
  * TcpExtTCPTimeWaitOverflow
  * TcpExtTCPTimeouts
  * TcpExtTCPToZeroWindowAdv
  * TcpExtTCPWantZeroWindowAdv
  * TcpExtTCPWinProbe
  * TcpExtTW
  * TcpExtTWKilled
  * TcpExtTWRecycled
  * TcpInCsumErrors
  * TcpInErrs
  * TcpInSegs
  * TcpMaxConn
  * TcpOutRsts
  * TcpOutSegs
  * TcpPassiveOpens
  * TcpRetransSegs
  * TcpRtoAlgorithm
  * TcpRtoMax
  * TcpRtoMin
  * Udp6IgnoredMulti
  * Udp6InCsumErrors
  * Udp6InDatagrams
  * Udp6InErrors
  * Udp6NoPorts
  * Udp6OutDatagrams
  * Udp6RcvbufErrors
  * Udp6SndbufErrors
  * UdpIgnoredMulti
  * UdpInCsumErrors
  * UdpInDatagrams
  * UdpInErrors
  * UdpLite6InCsumErrors
  * UdpLite6InDatagrams
  * UdpLite6InErrors
  * UdpLite6NoPorts
  * UdpLite6OutDatagrams
  * UdpLite6RcvbufErrors
  * UdpLite6SndbufErrors
  * UdpLiteIgnoredMulti
  * UdpLiteInCsumErrors
  * UdpLiteInDatagrams
  * UdpLiteInErrors
  * UdpLiteNoPorts
  * UdpLiteOutDatagrams
  * UdpLiteRcvbufErrors
  * UdpLiteSndbufErrors
  * UdpNoPorts
  * UdpOutDatagrams
  * UdpRcvbufErrors
  * UdpSndbufErrors

### Tags

* All measurements have the following tags
  * host (host of the system)
  * name (the type of the metric: snmp, snmp6 or netstat)

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/inputs/nstat/README.md, after:

# Nstat Input Plugin

Plugin collects network metrics from `/proc/net/netstat`, `/proc/net/snmp` and
`/proc/net/snmp6` files

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Collect kernel snmp counters and network interface statistics
[[inputs.nstat]]
  ## file paths for proc files. If empty default paths will be used:
  ##    /proc/net/netstat, /proc/net/snmp, /proc/net/snmp6
  ## These can also be overridden with env variables, see README.
  proc_net_netstat = "/proc/net/netstat"
  proc_net_snmp = "/proc/net/snmp"
  proc_net_snmp6 = "/proc/net/snmp6"
  ## dump metrics with 0 values too
  dump_zeros       = true
```

The plugin firstly tries to read file paths from config values if it is empty,
then it reads from env variables.

* `PROC_NET_NETSTAT`
* `PROC_NET_SNMP`
* `PROC_NET_SNMP6`

If these variables are also not set,
then it tries to read the proc root from env - `PROC_ROOT`,
and sets `/proc` as a root path if `PROC_ROOT` is also empty.

Then appends default file paths:

* `/net/netstat`
* `/net/snmp`
* `/net/snmp6`

So if nothing is given, no paths in config and in env vars, the plugin takes the
default paths.

* `/proc/net/netstat`
* `/proc/net/snmp`
* `/proc/net/snmp6`

In case that `proc_net_snmp6` path doesn't exist (e.g. IPv6 is not enabled) no
error would be raised.

## Metrics

* nstat
  * Icmp6InCsumErrors
  * Icmp6InDestUnreachs
  * Icmp6InEchoReplies
  * Icmp6InEchos
  * Icmp6InErrors
  * Icmp6InGroupMembQueries
  * Icmp6InGroupMembReductions
  * Icmp6InGroupMembResponses
  * Icmp6InMLDv2Reports
  * Icmp6InMsgs
  * Icmp6InNeighborAdvertisements
  * Icmp6InNeighborSolicits
  * Icmp6InParmProblems
  * Icmp6InPktTooBigs
  * Icmp6InRedirects
  * Icmp6InRouterAdvertisements
  * Icmp6InRouterSolicits
  * Icmp6InTimeExcds
  * Icmp6OutDestUnreachs
  * Icmp6OutEchoReplies
  * Icmp6OutEchos
  * Icmp6OutErrors
  * Icmp6OutGroupMembQueries
  * Icmp6OutGroupMembReductions
  * Icmp6OutGroupMembResponses
  * Icmp6OutMLDv2Reports
  * Icmp6OutMsgs
  * Icmp6OutNeighborAdvertisements
  * Icmp6OutNeighborSolicits
  * Icmp6OutParmProblems
  * Icmp6OutPktTooBigs
  * Icmp6OutRedirects
  * Icmp6OutRouterAdvertisements
  * Icmp6OutRouterSolicits
  * Icmp6OutTimeExcds
  * Icmp6OutType133
  * Icmp6OutType135
  * Icmp6OutType143
  * IcmpInAddrMaskReps
  * IcmpInAddrMasks
  * IcmpInCsumErrors
  * IcmpInDestUnreachs
  * IcmpInEchoReps
  * IcmpInEchos
  * IcmpInErrors
  * IcmpInMsgs
  * IcmpInParmProbs
  * IcmpInRedirects
  * IcmpInSrcQuenchs
  * IcmpInTimeExcds
  * IcmpInTimestampReps
  * IcmpInTimestamps
  * IcmpMsgInType3
  * IcmpMsgOutType3
  * IcmpOutAddrMaskReps
  * IcmpOutAddrMasks
  * IcmpOutDestUnreachs
  * IcmpOutEchoReps
  * IcmpOutEchos
  * IcmpOutErrors
  * IcmpOutMsgs
  * IcmpOutParmProbs
  * IcmpOutRedirects
  * IcmpOutSrcQuenchs
  * IcmpOutTimeExcds
  * IcmpOutTimestampReps
  * IcmpOutTimestamps
  * Ip6FragCreates
  * Ip6FragFails
  * Ip6FragOKs
  * Ip6InAddrErrors
  * Ip6InBcastOctets
  * Ip6InCEPkts
  * Ip6InDelivers
  * Ip6InDiscards
  * Ip6InECT0Pkts
  * Ip6InECT1Pkts
  * Ip6InHdrErrors
  * Ip6InMcastOctets
  * Ip6InMcastPkts
  * Ip6InNoECTPkts
  * Ip6InNoRoutes
  * Ip6InOctets
  * Ip6InReceives
  * Ip6InTooBigErrors
  * Ip6InTruncatedPkts
  * Ip6InUnknownProtos
  * Ip6OutBcastOctets
  * Ip6OutDiscards
  * Ip6OutForwDatagrams
  * Ip6OutMcastOctets
  * Ip6OutMcastPkts
  * Ip6OutNoRoutes
  * Ip6OutOctets
  * Ip6OutRequests
  * Ip6ReasmFails
  * Ip6ReasmOKs
  * Ip6ReasmReqds
  * Ip6ReasmTimeout
  * IpDefaultTTL
  * IpExtInBcastOctets
  * IpExtInBcastPkts
  * IpExtInCEPkts
  * IpExtInCsumErrors
  * IpExtInECT0Pkts
  * IpExtInECT1Pkts
  * IpExtInMcastOctets
  * IpExtInMcastPkts
  * IpExtInNoECTPkts
  * IpExtInNoRoutes
  * IpExtInOctets
  * IpExtInTruncatedPkts
  * IpExtOutBcastOctets
  * IpExtOutBcastPkts
  * IpExtOutMcastOctets
  * IpExtOutMcastPkts
  * IpExtOutOctets
  * IpForwDatagrams
  * IpForwarding
  * IpFragCreates
  * IpFragFails
  * IpFragOKs
  * IpInAddrErrors
  * IpInDelivers
  * IpInDiscards
  * IpInHdrErrors
  * IpInReceives
  * IpInUnknownProtos
  * IpOutDiscards
  * IpOutNoRoutes
  * IpOutRequests
  * IpReasmFails
  * IpReasmOKs
  * IpReasmReqds
  * IpReasmTimeout
  * TcpActiveOpens
  * TcpAttemptFails
  * TcpCurrEstab
  * TcpEstabResets
  * TcpExtArpFilter
  * TcpExtBusyPollRxPackets
  * TcpExtDelayedACKLocked
  * TcpExtDelayedACKLost
  * TcpExtDelayedACKs
  * TcpExtEmbryonicRsts
  * TcpExtIPReversePathFilter
  * TcpExtListenDrops
  * TcpExtListenOverflows
  * TcpExtLockDroppedIcmps
  * TcpExtOfoPruned
  * TcpExtOutOfWindowIcmps
  * TcpExtPAWSActive
  * TcpExtPAWSEstab
  * TcpExtPAWSPassive
  * TcpExtPruneCalled
  * TcpExtRcvPruned
  * TcpExtSyncookiesFailed
  * TcpExtSyncookiesRecv
  * TcpExtSyncookiesSent
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedChallenge
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedFinWait2
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedPAWS
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedSeq
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedSynRecv
  * TcpExtTCPACKSkippedTimeWait
  * TcpExtTCPAbortFailed
  * TcpExtTCPAbortOnClose
  * TcpExtTCPAbortOnData
  * TcpExtTCPAbortOnLinger
  * TcpExtTCPAbortOnMemory
  * TcpExtTCPAbortOnTimeout
  * TcpExtTCPAutoCorking
  * TcpExtTCPBacklogDrop
  * TcpExtTCPChallengeACK
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKIgnoredNoUndo
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKIgnoredOld
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKOfoRecv
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKOfoSent
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKOldSent
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKRecv
  * TcpExtTCPDSACKUndo
  * TcpExtTCPDeferAcceptDrop
  * TcpExtTCPDirectCopyFromBacklog
  * TcpExtTCPDirectCopyFromPrequeue
  * TcpExtTCPFACKReorder
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenActive
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenActiveFail
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenCookieReqd
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenListenOverflow
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenPassive
  * TcpExtTCPFastOpenPassiveFail
  * TcpExtTCPFastRetrans
  * TcpExtTCPForwardRetrans
  * TcpExtTCPFromZeroWindowAdv
  * TcpExtTCPFullUndo
  * TcpExtTCPHPAcks
  * TcpExtTCPHPHits
  * TcpExtTCPHPHitsToUser
  * TcpExtTCPHystartDelayCwnd
  * TcpExtTCPHystartDelayDetect
  * TcpExtTCPHystartTrainCwnd
  * TcpExtTCPHystartTrainDetect
  * TcpExtTCPKeepAlive
  * TcpExtTCPLossFailures
  * TcpExtTCPLossProbeRecovery
  * TcpExtTCPLossProbes
  * TcpExtTCPLossUndo
  * TcpExtTCPLostRetransmit
  * TcpExtTCPMD5NotFound
  * TcpExtTCPMD5Unexpected
  * TcpExtTCPMTUPFail
  * TcpExtTCPMTUPSuccess
  * TcpExtTCPMemoryPressures
  * TcpExtTCPMinTTLDrop
  * TcpExtTCPOFODrop
  * TcpExtTCPOFOMerge
  * TcpExtTCPOFOQueue
  * TcpExtTCPOrigDataSent
  * TcpExtTCPPartialUndo
  * TcpExtTCPPrequeueDropped
  * TcpExtTCPPrequeued
  * TcpExtTCPPureAcks
  * TcpExtTCPRcvCoalesce
  * TcpExtTCPRcvCollapsed
  * TcpExtTCPRenoFailures
  * TcpExtTCPRenoRecovery
  * TcpExtTCPRenoRecoveryFail
  * TcpExtTCPRenoReorder
  * TcpExtTCPReqQFullDoCookies
  * TcpExtTCPReqQFullDrop
  * TcpExtTCPRetransFail
  * TcpExtTCPSACKDiscard
  * TcpExtTCPSACKReneging
  * TcpExtTCPSACKReorder
  * TcpExtTCPSYNChallenge
  * TcpExtTCPSackFailures
  * TcpExtTCPSackMerged
  * TcpExtTCPSackRecovery
  * TcpExtTCPSackRecoveryFail
  * TcpExtTCPSackShiftFallback
  * TcpExtTCPSackShifted
  * TcpExtTCPSchedulerFailed
  * TcpExtTCPSlowStartRetrans
  * TcpExtTCPSpuriousRTOs
  * TcpExtTCPSpuriousRtxHostQueues
  * TcpExtTCPSynRetrans
  * TcpExtTCPTSReorder
  * TcpExtTCPTimeWaitOverflow
  * TcpExtTCPTimeouts
  * TcpExtTCPToZeroWindowAdv
  * TcpExtTCPWantZeroWindowAdv
  * TcpExtTCPWinProbe
  * TcpExtTW
  * TcpExtTWKilled
  * TcpExtTWRecycled
  * TcpInCsumErrors
  * TcpInErrs
  * TcpInSegs
  * TcpMaxConn
  * TcpOutRsts
  * TcpOutSegs
  * TcpPassiveOpens
  * TcpRetransSegs
  * TcpRtoAlgorithm
  * TcpRtoMax
  * TcpRtoMin
  * Udp6IgnoredMulti
  * Udp6InCsumErrors
  * Udp6InDatagrams
  * Udp6InErrors
  * Udp6NoPorts
  * Udp6OutDatagrams
  * Udp6RcvbufErrors
  * Udp6SndbufErrors
  * UdpIgnoredMulti
  * UdpInCsumErrors
  * UdpInDatagrams
  * UdpInErrors
  * UdpLite6InCsumErrors
  * UdpLite6InDatagrams
  * UdpLite6InErrors
  * UdpLite6NoPorts
  * UdpLite6OutDatagrams
  * UdpLite6RcvbufErrors
  * UdpLite6SndbufErrors
  * UdpLiteIgnoredMulti
  * UdpLiteInCsumErrors
  * UdpLiteInDatagrams
  * UdpLiteInErrors
  * UdpLiteNoPorts
  * UdpLiteOutDatagrams
  * UdpLiteRcvbufErrors
  * UdpLiteSndbufErrors
  * UdpNoPorts
  * UdpOutDatagrams
  * UdpRcvbufErrors
  * UdpSndbufErrors

### Tags

* All measurements have the following tags
  * host (host of the system)
  * name (the type of the metric: snmp, snmp6 or netstat)
