plugins/inputs/teamspeak/README.md, before:

# Teamspeak 3 Input Plugin

This plugin uses the Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery interface of the Teamspeak server to collect statistics of one or more
virtual servers. If you are querying an external Teamspeak server, make sure to add the host which is running Telegraf
to query_ip_whitelist.txt in the Teamspeak Server directory. For information about how to configure the server take a look
the [Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery Manual](http://media.teamspeak.com/ts3_literature/TeamSpeak%203%20Server%20Query%20Manual.pdf)

## Configuration

```toml
# Reads metrics from a Teamspeak 3 Server via ServerQuery
[[inputs.teamspeak]]
  ## Server address for Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery
  # server = "127.0.0.1:10011"
  ## Username for ServerQuery
  username = "serverqueryuser"
  ## Password for ServerQuery
  password = "secret"
  ## Array of virtual servers
  # virtual_servers = [1]
```

## Measurements

- teamspeak
  - uptime
  - clients_online
  - total_ping
  - total_packet_loss
  - packets_sent_total
  - packets_received_total
  - bytes_sent_total
  - bytes_received_total
  - query_clients_online

## Tags

- The following tags are used:
  - virtual_server
  - name

## Example output

```shell
teamspeak,virtual_server=1,name=LeopoldsServer,host=vm01 bytes_received_total=29638202639i,uptime=13567846i,total_ping=26.89,total_packet_loss=0,packets_sent_total=415821252i,packets_received_total=237069900i,bytes_sent_total=55309568252i,clients_online=11i,query_clients_online=1i 1507406561000000000
```

Commit message:

feat(teamspeak): allow to configure nickname
Signed-off-by: Pascal Sthamer <10992664+P4sca1@users.noreply.github.com>

plugins/inputs/teamspeak/README.md, after:

# Teamspeak 3 Input Plugin

This plugin uses the Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery interface of the Teamspeak server to collect statistics of one or more
virtual servers. If you are querying an external Teamspeak server, make sure to add the host which is running Telegraf
to query_ip_whitelist.txt in the Teamspeak Server directory. For information about how to configure the server take a look
the [Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery Manual](http://media.teamspeak.com/ts3_literature/TeamSpeak%203%20Server%20Query%20Manual.pdf)

## Configuration

```toml
# Reads metrics from a Teamspeak 3 Server via ServerQuery
[[inputs.teamspeak]]
  ## Server address for Teamspeak 3 ServerQuery
  # server = "127.0.0.1:10011"
  ## Username for ServerQuery
  username = "serverqueryuser"
  ## Password for ServerQuery
  password = "secret"
  ## Nickname of the ServerQuery client
  nickname = "telegraf"
  ## Array of virtual servers
  # virtual_servers = [1]
```

## Measurements

- teamspeak
  - uptime
  - clients_online
  - total_ping
  - total_packet_loss
  - packets_sent_total
  - packets_received_total
  - bytes_sent_total
  - bytes_received_total
  - query_clients_online

## Tags

- The following tags are used:
  - virtual_server
  - name

## Example output

```shell
teamspeak,virtual_server=1,name=LeopoldsServer,host=vm01 bytes_received_total=29638202639i,uptime=13567846i,total_ping=26.89,total_packet_loss=0,packets_sent_total=415821252i,packets_received_total=237069900i,bytes_sent_total=55309568252i,clients_online=11i,query_clients_online=1i 1507406561000000000
```
