plugins/processors/parser/README.md, before:

# Parser Processor Plugin

This plugin parses defined fields or tags containing the specified data format
and creates new metrics based on the contents of the field or tag.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Parse a value in a specified field(s)/tag(s) and add the result in a new metric
[[processors.parser]]
  ## The name of the fields whose value will be parsed.
  parse_fields = ["message"]

  ## The name of the tags whose value will be parsed.
  # parse_tags = []

  ## If true, incoming metrics are not emitted.
  # drop_original = false

  ## If set to override, emitted metrics will be merged by overriding the
  ## original metric using the newly parsed metrics.
  ## Only has effect when drop_original is set to false.
  merge = "override"

  ## The dataformat to be read from files
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```

## Example

```toml
[[processors.parser]]
  parse_fields = ["message"]
  merge = "override"
  data_format = "logfmt"
```

### Input

```text
syslog,appname=influxd,facility=daemon,hostname=http://influxdb.example.org\ (influxdb.example.org),severity=info facility_code=3i,message=" ts=2018-08-09T21:01:48.137963Z lvl=info msg=\"Executing query\" log_id=09p7QbOG000 service=query query=\"SHOW DATABASES\"",procid="6629",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1533848508138040000i,version=1i
```

### Output

```text
syslog,appname=influxd,facility=daemon,hostname=http://influxdb.example.org\ (influxdb.example.org),severity=info facility_code=3i,log_id="09p7QbOG000",lvl="info",message=" ts=2018-08-09T21:01:48.137963Z lvl=info msg=\"Executing query\" log_id=09p7QbOG000 service=query query=\"SHOW DATABASES\"",msg="Executing query",procid="6629",query="SHOW DATABASES",service="query",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1533848508138040000i,ts="2018-08-09T21:01:48.137963Z",version=1i
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/processors/parser/README.md, after:

# Parser Processor Plugin

This plugin parses defined fields or tags containing the specified data format
and creates new metrics based on the contents of the field or tag.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Parse a value in a specified field(s)/tag(s) and add the result in a new metric
[[processors.parser]]
  ## The name of the fields whose value will be parsed.
  parse_fields = ["message"]

  ## The name of the tags whose value will be parsed.
  # parse_tags = []

  ## If true, incoming metrics are not emitted.
  # drop_original = false

  ## If set to override, emitted metrics will be merged by overriding the
  ## original metric using the newly parsed metrics.
  ## Only has effect when drop_original is set to false.
  merge = "override"

  ## The dataformat to be read from files
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_INPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```

## Example

```toml
[[processors.parser]]
  parse_fields = ["message"]
  merge = "override"
  data_format = "logfmt"
```

### Input

```text
syslog,appname=influxd,facility=daemon,hostname=http://influxdb.example.org\ (influxdb.example.org),severity=info facility_code=3i,message=" ts=2018-08-09T21:01:48.137963Z lvl=info msg=\"Executing query\" log_id=09p7QbOG000 service=query query=\"SHOW DATABASES\"",procid="6629",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1533848508138040000i,version=1i
```

### Output

```text
syslog,appname=influxd,facility=daemon,hostname=http://influxdb.example.org\ (influxdb.example.org),severity=info facility_code=3i,log_id="09p7QbOG000",lvl="info",message=" ts=2018-08-09T21:01:48.137963Z lvl=info msg=\"Executing query\" log_id=09p7QbOG000 service=query query=\"SHOW DATABASES\"",msg="Executing query",procid="6629",query="SHOW DATABASES",service="query",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1533848508138040000i,ts="2018-08-09T21:01:48.137963Z",version=1i
```
