plugins/outputs/file/README.md, before:

# File Output Plugin

This plugin writes telegraf metrics to files

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Send telegraf metrics to file(s)
[[outputs.file]]
  ## Files to write to, "stdout" is a specially handled file.
  files = ["stdout", "/tmp/metrics.out"]

  ## Use batch serialization format instead of line based delimiting.  The
  ## batch format allows for the production of non line based output formats and
  ## may more efficiently encode and write metrics.
  # use_batch_format = false

  ## The file will be rotated after the time interval specified.  When set
  ## to 0 no time based rotation is performed.
  # rotation_interval = "0h"

  ## The logfile will be rotated when it becomes larger than the specified
  ## size.  When set to 0 no size based rotation is performed.
  # rotation_max_size = "0MB"

  ## Maximum number of rotated archives to keep, any older logs are deleted.
  ## If set to -1, no archives are removed.
  # rotation_max_archives = 5

  ## Data format to output.
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_OUTPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/outputs/file/README.md, after:

# File Output Plugin

This plugin writes telegraf metrics to files

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Send telegraf metrics to file(s)
[[outputs.file]]
  ## Files to write to, "stdout" is a specially handled file.
  files = ["stdout", "/tmp/metrics.out"]

  ## Use batch serialization format instead of line based delimiting.  The
  ## batch format allows for the production of non line based output formats and
  ## may more efficiently encode and write metrics.
  # use_batch_format = false

  ## The file will be rotated after the time interval specified.  When set
  ## to 0 no time based rotation is performed.
  # rotation_interval = "0h"

  ## The logfile will be rotated when it becomes larger than the specified
  ## size.  When set to 0 no size based rotation is performed.
  # rotation_max_size = "0MB"

  ## Maximum number of rotated archives to keep, any older logs are deleted.
  ## If set to -1, no archives are removed.
  # rotation_max_archives = 5

  ## Data format to output.
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_OUTPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```
