plugins/inputs/mesos/README.md, before:

# Mesos Input Plugin

This input plugin gathers metrics from Mesos.  For more information, please
check the [Mesos Observability Metrics][1] page.

[1]: http://mesos.apache.org/documentation/latest/monitoring/

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Telegraf plugin for gathering metrics from N Mesos masters
[[inputs.mesos]]
  ## Timeout, in ms.
  timeout = 100

  ## A list of Mesos masters.
  masters = ["http://localhost:5050"]

  ## Master metrics groups to be collected, by default, all enabled.
  master_collections = [
    "resources",
    "master",
    "system",
    "agents",
    "frameworks",
    "framework_offers",
    "tasks",
    "messages",
    "evqueue",
    "registrar",
    "allocator",
  ]

  ## A list of Mesos slaves, default is []
  # slaves = []

  ## Slave metrics groups to be collected, by default, all enabled.
  # slave_collections = [
  #   "resources",
  #   "agent",
  #   "system",
  #   "executors",
  #   "tasks",
  #   "messages",
  # ]

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false
```

By default this plugin is not configured to gather metrics from mesos. Since a
mesos cluster can be deployed in numerous ways it does not provide any default
values. User needs to specify master/slave nodes this plugin will gather metrics
from.

## Metrics

Mesos master metric groups

- resources
  - master/cpus_percent
  - master/cpus_used
  - master/cpus_total
  - master/cpus_revocable_percent
  - master/cpus_revocable_total
  - master/cpus_revocable_used
  - master/disk_percent
  - master/disk_used
  - master/disk_total
  - master/disk_revocable_percent
  - master/disk_revocable_total
  - master/disk_revocable_used
  - master/gpus_percent
  - master/gpus_used
  - master/gpus_total
  - master/gpus_revocable_percent
  - master/gpus_revocable_total
  - master/gpus_revocable_used
  - master/mem_percent
  - master/mem_used
  - master/mem_total
  - master/mem_revocable_percent
  - master/mem_revocable_total
  - master/mem_revocable_used

- master
  - master/elected
  - master/uptime_secs

- system
  - system/cpus_total
  - system/load_15min
  - system/load_5min
  - system/load_1min
  - system/mem_free_bytes
  - system/mem_total_bytes

- slaves
  - master/slave_registrations
  - master/slave_removals
  - master/slave_reregistrations
  - master/slave_shutdowns_scheduled
  - master/slave_shutdowns_canceled
  - master/slave_shutdowns_completed
  - master/slaves_active
  - master/slaves_connected
  - master/slaves_disconnected
  - master/slaves_inactive
  - master/slave_unreachable_canceled
  - master/slave_unreachable_completed
  - master/slave_unreachable_scheduled
  - master/slaves_unreachable

- frameworks
  - master/frameworks_active
  - master/frameworks_connected
  - master/frameworks_disconnected
  - master/frameworks_inactive
  - master/outstanding_offers

- framework offers
  - master/frameworks/subscribed
  - master/frameworks/calls_total
  - master/frameworks/calls
  - master/frameworks/events_total
  - master/frameworks/events
  - master/frameworks/operations_total
  - master/frameworks/operations
  - master/frameworks/tasks/active
  - master/frameworks/tasks/terminal
  - master/frameworks/offers/sent
  - master/frameworks/offers/accepted
  - master/frameworks/offers/declined
  - master/frameworks/offers/rescinded
  - master/frameworks/roles/suppressed

- tasks
  - master/tasks_error
  - master/tasks_failed
  - master/tasks_finished
  - master/tasks_killed
  - master/tasks_lost
  - master/tasks_running
  - master/tasks_staging
  - master/tasks_starting
  - master/tasks_dropped
  - master/tasks_gone
  - master/tasks_gone_by_operator
  - master/tasks_killing
  - master/tasks_unreachable

- messages
  - master/invalid_executor_to_framework_messages
  - master/invalid_framework_to_executor_messages
  - master/invalid_status_update_acknowledgements
  - master/invalid_status_updates
  - master/dropped_messages
  - master/messages_authenticate
  - master/messages_deactivate_framework
  - master/messages_decline_offers
  - master/messages_executor_to_framework
  - master/messages_exited_executor
  - master/messages_framework_to_executor
  - master/messages_kill_task
  - master/messages_launch_tasks
  - master/messages_reconcile_tasks
  - master/messages_register_framework
  - master/messages_register_slave
  - master/messages_reregister_framework
  - master/messages_reregister_slave
  - master/messages_resource_request
  - master/messages_revive_offers
  - master/messages_status_update
  - master/messages_status_update_acknowledgement
  - master/messages_unregister_framework
  - master/messages_unregister_slave
  - master/messages_update_slave
  - master/recovery_slave_removals
  - master/slave_removals/reason_registered
  - master/slave_removals/reason_unhealthy
  - master/slave_removals/reason_unregistered
  - master/valid_framework_to_executor_messages
  - master/valid_status_update_acknowledgements
  - master/valid_status_updates
  - master/task_lost/source_master/reason_invalid_offers
  - master/task_lost/source_master/reason_slave_removed
  - master/task_lost/source_slave/reason_executor_terminated
  - master/valid_executor_to_framework_messages
  - master/invalid_operation_status_update_acknowledgements
  - master/messages_operation_status_update_acknowledgement
  - master/messages_reconcile_operations
  - master/messages_suppress_offers
  - master/valid_operation_status_update_acknowledgements

- evqueue
  - master/event_queue_dispatches
  - master/event_queue_http_requests
  - master/event_queue_messages
  - master/operator_event_stream_subscribers

- registrar
  - registrar/state_fetch_ms
  - registrar/state_store_ms
  - registrar/state_store_ms/max
  - registrar/state_store_ms/min
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p50
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p90
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p95
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p99
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p999
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p9999
  - registrar/state_store_ms/count
  - registrar/log/ensemble_size
  - registrar/log/recovered
  - registrar/queued_operations
  - registrar/registry_size_bytes

- allocator
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/count
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/max
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/min
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p50
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p90
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p95
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p99
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p999
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p9999
  - allocator/allocation_runs
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/count
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/max
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/min
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p50
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p90
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p95
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p99
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p999
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p9999
  - allocator/roles/shares/dominant
  - allocator/event_queue_dispatches
  - allocator/offer_filters/roles/active
  - allocator/quota/roles/resources/offered_or_allocated
  - allocator/quota/roles/resources/guarantee
  - allocator/resources/cpus/offered_or_allocated
  - allocator/resources/cpus/total
  - allocator/resources/disk/offered_or_allocated
  - allocator/resources/disk/total
  - allocator/resources/mem/offered_or_allocated
  - allocator/resources/mem/total

Mesos slave metric groups

- resources
  - slave/cpus_percent
  - slave/cpus_used
  - slave/cpus_total
  - slave/cpus_revocable_percent
  - slave/cpus_revocable_total
  - slave/cpus_revocable_used
  - slave/disk_percent
  - slave/disk_used
  - slave/disk_total
  - slave/disk_revocable_percent
  - slave/disk_revocable_total
  - slave/disk_revocable_used
  - slave/gpus_percent
  - slave/gpus_used
  - slave/gpus_total,
  - slave/gpus_revocable_percent
  - slave/gpus_revocable_total
  - slave/gpus_revocable_used
  - slave/mem_percent
  - slave/mem_used
  - slave/mem_total
  - slave/mem_revocable_percent
  - slave/mem_revocable_total
  - slave/mem_revocable_used

- agent
  - slave/registered
  - slave/uptime_secs

- system
  - system/cpus_total
  - system/load_15min
  - system/load_5min
  - system/load_1min
  - system/mem_free_bytes
  - system/mem_total_bytes

- executors
  - containerizer/mesos/container_destroy_errors
  - slave/container_launch_errors
  - slave/executors_preempted
  - slave/frameworks_active
  - slave/executor_directory_max_allowed_age_secs
  - slave/executors_registering
  - slave/executors_running
  - slave/executors_terminated
  - slave/executors_terminating
  - slave/recovery_errors

- tasks
  - slave/tasks_failed
  - slave/tasks_finished
  - slave/tasks_killed
  - slave/tasks_lost
  - slave/tasks_running
  - slave/tasks_staging
  - slave/tasks_starting

- messages
  - slave/invalid_framework_messages
  - slave/invalid_status_updates
  - slave/valid_framework_messages
  - slave/valid_status_updates

## Tags

- All master/slave measurements have the following tags:
  - server (network location of server: `host:port`)
  - url (URL origin of server: `scheme://host:port`)
  - role (master/slave)

- All master measurements have the extra tags:
  - state (leader/follower)

## Example Output

```shell
$ telegraf --config ~/mesos.conf --input-filter mesos --test
* Plugin: mesos, Collection 1
mesos,role=master,state=leader,host=172.17.8.102,server=172.17.8.101
allocator/event_queue_dispatches=0,master/cpus_percent=0,
master/cpus_revocable_percent=0,master/cpus_revocable_total=0,
master/cpus_revocable_used=0,master/cpus_total=2,
master/cpus_used=0,master/disk_percent=0,master/disk_revocable_percent=0,
master/disk_revocable_total=0,master/disk_revocable_used=0,master/disk_total=10823,
master/disk_used=0,master/dropped_messages=2,master/elected=1,
master/event_queue_dispatches=10,master/event_queue_http_requests=0,
master/event_queue_messages=0,master/frameworks_active=2,master/frameworks_connected=2,
master/frameworks_disconnected=0,master/frameworks_inactive=0,
master/invalid_executor_to_framework_messages=0,
master/invalid_framework_to_executor_messages=0,
master/invalid_status_update_acknowledgements=0,master/invalid_status_updates=0,master/mem_percent=0,
master/mem_revocable_percent=0,master/mem_revocable_total=0,
master/mem_revocable_used=0,master/mem_total=1002,
master/mem_used=0,master/messages_authenticate=0,
master/messages_deactivate_framework=0 ...
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/inputs/mesos/README.md, after:

# Mesos Input Plugin

This input plugin gathers metrics from Mesos.  For more information, please
check the [Mesos Observability Metrics][1] page.

[1]: http://mesos.apache.org/documentation/latest/monitoring/

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Telegraf plugin for gathering metrics from N Mesos masters
[[inputs.mesos]]
  ## Timeout, in ms.
  timeout = 100

  ## A list of Mesos masters.
  masters = ["http://localhost:5050"]

  ## Master metrics groups to be collected, by default, all enabled.
  master_collections = [
    "resources",
    "master",
    "system",
    "agents",
    "frameworks",
    "framework_offers",
    "tasks",
    "messages",
    "evqueue",
    "registrar",
    "allocator",
  ]

  ## A list of Mesos slaves, default is []
  # slaves = []

  ## Slave metrics groups to be collected, by default, all enabled.
  # slave_collections = [
  #   "resources",
  #   "agent",
  #   "system",
  #   "executors",
  #   "tasks",
  #   "messages",
  # ]

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false
```

By default this plugin is not configured to gather metrics from mesos. Since a
mesos cluster can be deployed in numerous ways it does not provide any default
values. User needs to specify master/slave nodes this plugin will gather metrics
from.

## Metrics

Mesos master metric groups

- resources
  - master/cpus_percent
  - master/cpus_used
  - master/cpus_total
  - master/cpus_revocable_percent
  - master/cpus_revocable_total
  - master/cpus_revocable_used
  - master/disk_percent
  - master/disk_used
  - master/disk_total
  - master/disk_revocable_percent
  - master/disk_revocable_total
  - master/disk_revocable_used
  - master/gpus_percent
  - master/gpus_used
  - master/gpus_total
  - master/gpus_revocable_percent
  - master/gpus_revocable_total
  - master/gpus_revocable_used
  - master/mem_percent
  - master/mem_used
  - master/mem_total
  - master/mem_revocable_percent
  - master/mem_revocable_total
  - master/mem_revocable_used

- master
  - master/elected
  - master/uptime_secs

- system
  - system/cpus_total
  - system/load_15min
  - system/load_5min
  - system/load_1min
  - system/mem_free_bytes
  - system/mem_total_bytes

- slaves
  - master/slave_registrations
  - master/slave_removals
  - master/slave_reregistrations
  - master/slave_shutdowns_scheduled
  - master/slave_shutdowns_canceled
  - master/slave_shutdowns_completed
  - master/slaves_active
  - master/slaves_connected
  - master/slaves_disconnected
  - master/slaves_inactive
  - master/slave_unreachable_canceled
  - master/slave_unreachable_completed
  - master/slave_unreachable_scheduled
  - master/slaves_unreachable

- frameworks
  - master/frameworks_active
  - master/frameworks_connected
  - master/frameworks_disconnected
  - master/frameworks_inactive
  - master/outstanding_offers

- framework offers
  - master/frameworks/subscribed
  - master/frameworks/calls_total
  - master/frameworks/calls
  - master/frameworks/events_total
  - master/frameworks/events
  - master/frameworks/operations_total
  - master/frameworks/operations
  - master/frameworks/tasks/active
  - master/frameworks/tasks/terminal
  - master/frameworks/offers/sent
  - master/frameworks/offers/accepted
  - master/frameworks/offers/declined
  - master/frameworks/offers/rescinded
  - master/frameworks/roles/suppressed

- tasks
  - master/tasks_error
  - master/tasks_failed
  - master/tasks_finished
  - master/tasks_killed
  - master/tasks_lost
  - master/tasks_running
  - master/tasks_staging
  - master/tasks_starting
  - master/tasks_dropped
  - master/tasks_gone
  - master/tasks_gone_by_operator
  - master/tasks_killing
  - master/tasks_unreachable

- messages
  - master/invalid_executor_to_framework_messages
  - master/invalid_framework_to_executor_messages
  - master/invalid_status_update_acknowledgements
  - master/invalid_status_updates
  - master/dropped_messages
  - master/messages_authenticate
  - master/messages_deactivate_framework
  - master/messages_decline_offers
  - master/messages_executor_to_framework
  - master/messages_exited_executor
  - master/messages_framework_to_executor
  - master/messages_kill_task
  - master/messages_launch_tasks
  - master/messages_reconcile_tasks
  - master/messages_register_framework
  - master/messages_register_slave
  - master/messages_reregister_framework
  - master/messages_reregister_slave
  - master/messages_resource_request
  - master/messages_revive_offers
  - master/messages_status_update
  - master/messages_status_update_acknowledgement
  - master/messages_unregister_framework
  - master/messages_unregister_slave
  - master/messages_update_slave
  - master/recovery_slave_removals
  - master/slave_removals/reason_registered
  - master/slave_removals/reason_unhealthy
  - master/slave_removals/reason_unregistered
  - master/valid_framework_to_executor_messages
  - master/valid_status_update_acknowledgements
  - master/valid_status_updates
  - master/task_lost/source_master/reason_invalid_offers
  - master/task_lost/source_master/reason_slave_removed
  - master/task_lost/source_slave/reason_executor_terminated
  - master/valid_executor_to_framework_messages
  - master/invalid_operation_status_update_acknowledgements
  - master/messages_operation_status_update_acknowledgement
  - master/messages_reconcile_operations
  - master/messages_suppress_offers
  - master/valid_operation_status_update_acknowledgements

- evqueue
  - master/event_queue_dispatches
  - master/event_queue_http_requests
  - master/event_queue_messages
  - master/operator_event_stream_subscribers

- registrar
  - registrar/state_fetch_ms
  - registrar/state_store_ms
  - registrar/state_store_ms/max
  - registrar/state_store_ms/min
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p50
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p90
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p95
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p99
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p999
  - registrar/state_store_ms/p9999
  - registrar/state_store_ms/count
  - registrar/log/ensemble_size
  - registrar/log/recovered
  - registrar/queued_operations
  - registrar/registry_size_bytes

- allocator
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/count
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/max
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/min
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p50
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p90
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p95
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p99
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p999
  - allocator/allocation_run_ms/p9999
  - allocator/allocation_runs
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/count
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/max
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/min
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p50
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p90
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p95
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p99
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p999
  - allocator/allocation_run_latency_ms/p9999
  - allocator/roles/shares/dominant
  - allocator/event_queue_dispatches
  - allocator/offer_filters/roles/active
  - allocator/quota/roles/resources/offered_or_allocated
  - allocator/quota/roles/resources/guarantee
  - allocator/resources/cpus/offered_or_allocated
  - allocator/resources/cpus/total
  - allocator/resources/disk/offered_or_allocated
  - allocator/resources/disk/total
  - allocator/resources/mem/offered_or_allocated
  - allocator/resources/mem/total

Mesos slave metric groups

- resources
  - slave/cpus_percent
  - slave/cpus_used
  - slave/cpus_total
  - slave/cpus_revocable_percent
  - slave/cpus_revocable_total
  - slave/cpus_revocable_used
  - slave/disk_percent
  - slave/disk_used
  - slave/disk_total
  - slave/disk_revocable_percent
  - slave/disk_revocable_total
  - slave/disk_revocable_used
  - slave/gpus_percent
  - slave/gpus_used
  - slave/gpus_total,
  - slave/gpus_revocable_percent
  - slave/gpus_revocable_total
  - slave/gpus_revocable_used
  - slave/mem_percent
  - slave/mem_used
  - slave/mem_total
  - slave/mem_revocable_percent
  - slave/mem_revocable_total
  - slave/mem_revocable_used

- agent
  - slave/registered
  - slave/uptime_secs

- system
  - system/cpus_total
  - system/load_15min
  - system/load_5min
  - system/load_1min
  - system/mem_free_bytes
  - system/mem_total_bytes

- executors
  - containerizer/mesos/container_destroy_errors
  - slave/container_launch_errors
  - slave/executors_preempted
  - slave/frameworks_active
  - slave/executor_directory_max_allowed_age_secs
  - slave/executors_registering
  - slave/executors_running
  - slave/executors_terminated
  - slave/executors_terminating
  - slave/recovery_errors

- tasks
  - slave/tasks_failed
  - slave/tasks_finished
  - slave/tasks_killed
  - slave/tasks_lost
  - slave/tasks_running
  - slave/tasks_staging
  - slave/tasks_starting

- messages
  - slave/invalid_framework_messages
  - slave/invalid_status_updates
  - slave/valid_framework_messages
  - slave/valid_status_updates

## Tags

- All master/slave measurements have the following tags:
  - server (network location of server: `host:port`)
  - url (URL origin of server: `scheme://host:port`)
  - role (master/slave)

- All master measurements have the extra tags:
  - state (leader/follower)

## Example Output

```shell
$ telegraf --config ~/mesos.conf --input-filter mesos --test
* Plugin: mesos, Collection 1
mesos,role=master,state=leader,host=172.17.8.102,server=172.17.8.101
allocator/event_queue_dispatches=0,master/cpus_percent=0,
master/cpus_revocable_percent=0,master/cpus_revocable_total=0,
master/cpus_revocable_used=0,master/cpus_total=2,
master/cpus_used=0,master/disk_percent=0,master/disk_revocable_percent=0,
master/disk_revocable_total=0,master/disk_revocable_used=0,master/disk_total=10823,
master/disk_used=0,master/dropped_messages=2,master/elected=1,
master/event_queue_dispatches=10,master/event_queue_http_requests=0,
master/event_queue_messages=0,master/frameworks_active=2,master/frameworks_connected=2,
master/frameworks_disconnected=0,master/frameworks_inactive=0,
master/invalid_executor_to_framework_messages=0,
master/invalid_framework_to_executor_messages=0,
master/invalid_status_update_acknowledgements=0,master/invalid_status_updates=0,master/mem_percent=0,
master/mem_revocable_percent=0,master/mem_revocable_total=0,
master/mem_revocable_used=0,master/mem_total=1002,
master/mem_used=0,master/messages_authenticate=0,
master/messages_deactivate_framework=0 ...
```
