plugins/inputs/win_services/README.md, before:

# Windows Services Input Plugin

Reports information about Windows service status.

Monitoring some services may require running Telegraf with administrator
privileges.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Input plugin to report Windows services info.
[[inputs.win_services]]
  ## Names of the services to monitor. Leave empty to monitor all the available services on the host. Globs accepted. Case sensitive.
  service_names = [
    "LanmanServer",
    "TermService",
    "Win*",
  ]
  excluded_service_names = ['WinRM'] # optional, list of service names to exclude
```

## Metrics

- win_services
  - state : integer
  - startup_mode : integer

The `state` field can have the following values:

- 1 - stopped
- 2 - start pending
- 3 - stop pending
- 4 - running
- 5 - continue pending
- 6 - pause pending
- 7 - paused

The `startup_mode` field can have the following values:

- 0 - boot start
- 1 - system start
- 2 - auto start
- 3 - demand start
- 4 - disabled

### Tags

- All measurements have the following tags:
  - service_name
  - display_name

## Example Output

```shell
win_services,host=WIN2008R2H401,display_name=Server,service_name=LanmanServer state=4i,startup_mode=2i 1500040669000000000
win_services,display_name=Remote\ Desktop\ Services,service_name=TermService,host=WIN2008R2H401 state=1i,startup_mode=3i 1500040669000000000
```

### TICK Scripts

A sample TICK script for a notification about a not running service.  It sends a
notification whenever any service changes its state to be not _running_ and when
it changes that state back to _running_.  The notification is sent via an HTTP
POST call.

```shell
stream
    |from()
        .database('telegraf')
        .retentionPolicy('autogen')
        .measurement('win_services')
        .groupBy('host','service_name')
    |alert()
        .crit(lambda: "state" != 4)
        .stateChangesOnly()
        .message('Service {{ index .Tags "service_name" }} on Host {{ index .Tags "host" }} is in state {{ index .Fields "state" }} ')
        .post('http://localhost:666/alert/service')
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/inputs/win_services/README.md, after:

# Windows Services Input Plugin

Reports information about Windows service status.

Monitoring some services may require running Telegraf with administrator
privileges.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Input plugin to report Windows services info.
[[inputs.win_services]]
  ## Names of the services to monitor. Leave empty to monitor all the available services on the host. Globs accepted. Case sensitive.
  service_names = [
    "LanmanServer",
    "TermService",
    "Win*",
  ]
  excluded_service_names = ['WinRM'] # optional, list of service names to exclude
```

## Metrics

- win_services
  - state : integer
  - startup_mode : integer

The `state` field can have the following values:

- 1 - stopped
- 2 - start pending
- 3 - stop pending
- 4 - running
- 5 - continue pending
- 6 - pause pending
- 7 - paused

The `startup_mode` field can have the following values:

- 0 - boot start
- 1 - system start
- 2 - auto start
- 3 - demand start
- 4 - disabled

### Tags

- All measurements have the following tags:
  - service_name
  - display_name

## Example Output

```shell
win_services,host=WIN2008R2H401,display_name=Server,service_name=LanmanServer state=4i,startup_mode=2i 1500040669000000000
win_services,display_name=Remote\ Desktop\ Services,service_name=TermService,host=WIN2008R2H401 state=1i,startup_mode=3i 1500040669000000000
```

### TICK Scripts

A sample TICK script for a notification about a not running service.  It sends a
notification whenever any service changes its state to be not _running_ and when
it changes that state back to _running_.  The notification is sent via an HTTP
POST call.

```shell
stream
    |from()
        .database('telegraf')
        .retentionPolicy('autogen')
        .measurement('win_services')
        .groupBy('host','service_name')
    |alert()
        .crit(lambda: "state" != 4)
        .stateChangesOnly()
        .message('Service {{ index .Tags "service_name" }} on Host {{ index .Tags "host" }} is in state {{ index .Fields "state" }} ')
        .post('http://localhost:666/alert/service')
```
