plugins/inputs/vault/README.md, before:

# Hashicorp Vault Input Plugin

The Vault plugin could grab metrics from every Vault agent of the
cluster. Telegraf may be present in every node and connect to the agent
locally. In this case should be something like `http://127.0.0.1:8200`.

> Tested on vault 1.8.5

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from the Vault API
[[inputs.vault]]
  ## URL for the Vault agent
  # url = "http://127.0.0.1:8200"

  ## Use Vault token for authorization.
  ## Vault token configuration is mandatory.
  ## If both are empty or both are set, an error is thrown.
  # token_file = "/path/to/auth/token"
  ## OR
  token = "s.CDDrgg5zPv5ssI0Z2P4qxJj2"

  ## Set response_timeout (default 5 seconds)
  # response_timeout = "5s"

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = /path/to/cafile
  # tls_cert = /path/to/certfile
  # tls_key = /path/to/keyfile
```

## Metrics

For a more deep understanding of Vault monitoring, please have a look at the
following Vault documentation:

- [https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/internals/telemetry](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/internals/telemetry)
- [https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/monitor-telemetry-audit-splunk?in=vault/monitoring](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/monitor-telemetry-audit-splunk?in=vault/monitoring)

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/inputs/vault/README.md, after:

# Hashicorp Vault Input Plugin

The Vault plugin could grab metrics from every Vault agent of the
cluster. Telegraf may be present in every node and connect to the agent
locally. In this case should be something like `http://127.0.0.1:8200`.

> Tested on vault 1.8.5

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from the Vault API
[[inputs.vault]]
  ## URL for the Vault agent
  # url = "http://127.0.0.1:8200"

  ## Use Vault token for authorization.
  ## Vault token configuration is mandatory.
  ## If both are empty or both are set, an error is thrown.
  # token_file = "/path/to/auth/token"
  ## OR
  token = "s.CDDrgg5zPv5ssI0Z2P4qxJj2"

  ## Set response_timeout (default 5 seconds)
  # response_timeout = "5s"

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = /path/to/cafile
  # tls_cert = /path/to/certfile
  # tls_key = /path/to/keyfile
```

## Metrics

For a more deep understanding of Vault monitoring, please have a look at the
following Vault documentation:

- [https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/internals/telemetry](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/internals/telemetry)
- [https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/monitor-telemetry-audit-splunk?in=vault/monitoring](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/monitor-telemetry-audit-splunk?in=vault/monitoring)
