plugins/inputs/filestat/README.md, before:

# Filestat Input Plugin

The filestat plugin gathers metrics about file existence, size, and other stats.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read stats about given file(s)
[[inputs.filestat]]
  ## Files to gather stats about.
  ## These accept standard unix glob matching rules, but with the addition of
  ## ** as a "super asterisk". See https://github.com/gobwas/glob.
  files = ["/etc/telegraf/telegraf.conf", "/var/log/**.log"]

  ## If true, read the entire file and calculate an md5 checksum.
  md5 = false
```

## Measurements & Fields

- filestat
  - exists (int, 0 | 1)
  - size_bytes (int, bytes)
  - modification_time (int, unix time nanoseconds)
  - md5 (optional, string)

## Tags

- All measurements have the following tags:
  - file (the path the to file, as specified in the config)

### Example

```shell
$ telegraf --config /etc/telegraf/telegraf.conf --input-filter filestat --test
* Plugin: filestat, Collection 1
> filestat,file=/tmp/foo/bar,host=tyrion exists=0i 1507218518192154351
> filestat,file=/Users/sparrc/ws/telegraf.conf,host=tyrion exists=1i,size=47894i,modification_time=1507152973123456789i  1507218518192154351
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/inputs/filestat/README.md, after:

# Filestat Input Plugin

The filestat plugin gathers metrics about file existence, size, and other stats.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read stats about given file(s)
[[inputs.filestat]]
  ## Files to gather stats about.
  ## These accept standard unix glob matching rules, but with the addition of
  ## ** as a "super asterisk". See https://github.com/gobwas/glob.
  files = ["/etc/telegraf/telegraf.conf", "/var/log/**.log"]

  ## If true, read the entire file and calculate an md5 checksum.
  md5 = false
```

## Measurements & Fields

- filestat
  - exists (int, 0 | 1)
  - size_bytes (int, bytes)
  - modification_time (int, unix time nanoseconds)
  - md5 (optional, string)

## Tags

- All measurements have the following tags:
  - file (the path the to file, as specified in the config)

### Example

```shell
$ telegraf --config /etc/telegraf/telegraf.conf --input-filter filestat --test
* Plugin: filestat, Collection 1
> filestat,file=/tmp/foo/bar,host=tyrion exists=0i 1507218518192154351
> filestat,file=/Users/sparrc/ws/telegraf.conf,host=tyrion exists=1i,size=47894i,modification_time=1507152973123456789i  1507218518192154351
```
