plugins/outputs/nats/README.md, before:

# NATS Output Plugin

This plugin writes to a (list of) specified NATS instance(s).

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Send telegraf measurements to NATS
[[outputs.nats]]
  ## URLs of NATS servers
  servers = ["nats://localhost:4222"]

  ## Optional client name
  # name = ""

  ## Optional credentials
  # username = ""
  # password = ""

  ## Optional NATS 2.0 and NATS NGS compatible user credentials
  # credentials = "/etc/telegraf/nats.creds"

  ## NATS subject for producer messages
  subject = "telegraf"

  ## Use Transport Layer Security
  # secure = false

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false

  ## Data format to output.
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_OUTPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/outputs/nats/README.md, after:

# NATS Output Plugin

This plugin writes to a (list of) specified NATS instance(s).

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Send telegraf measurements to NATS
[[outputs.nats]]
  ## URLs of NATS servers
  servers = ["nats://localhost:4222"]

  ## Optional client name
  # name = ""

  ## Optional credentials
  # username = ""
  # password = ""

  ## Optional NATS 2.0 and NATS NGS compatible user credentials
  # credentials = "/etc/telegraf/nats.creds"

  ## NATS subject for producer messages
  subject = "telegraf"

  ## Use Transport Layer Security
  # secure = false

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false

  ## Data format to output.
  ## Each data format has its own unique set of configuration options, read
  ## more about them here:
  ## https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/DATA_FORMATS_OUTPUT.md
  data_format = "influx"
```
