plugins/inputs/amd_rocm_smi/README.md, before:

# AMD ROCm System Management Interface (SMI) Input Plugin

This plugin uses a query on the [`rocm-smi`][1] binary to pull GPU stats
including memory and GPU usage, temperatures and other.

[1]: https://github.com/RadeonOpenCompute/rocm_smi_lib/tree/master/python_smi_tools

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Query statistics from AMD Graphics cards using rocm-smi binary
[[inputs.amd_rocm_smi]]
  ## Optional: path to rocm-smi binary, defaults to $PATH via exec.LookPath
  # bin_path = "/opt/rocm/bin/rocm-smi"

  ## Optional: timeout for GPU polling
  # timeout = "5s"
```

## Metrics

- measurement: `amd_rocm_smi`
  - tags
    - `name` (entry name assigned by rocm-smi executable)
    - `gpu_id` (id of the GPU according to rocm-smi)
    - `gpu_unique_id` (unique id of the GPU)

  - fields
    - `driver_version` (integer)
    - `fan_speed`(integer)
    - `memory_total`(integer B)
    - `memory_used`(integer B)
    - `memory_free`(integer B)
    - `temperature_sensor_edge` (float, Celsius)
    - `temperature_sensor_junction` (float, Celsius)
    - `temperature_sensor_memory` (float, Celsius)
    - `utilization_gpu` (integer, percentage)
    - `utilization_memory` (integer, percentage)
    - `clocks_current_sm` (integer, Mhz)
    - `clocks_current_memory` (integer, Mhz)
    - `power_draw` (float, Watt)

## Troubleshooting

Check the full output by running `rocm-smi` binary manually.

Linux:

```sh
rocm-smi rocm-smi -o -l -m -M  -g -c -t -u -i -f -p -P -s -S -v --showreplaycount --showpids --showdriverversion --showmemvendor --showfwinfo --showproductname --showserial --showuniqueid --showbus --showpendingpages --showpagesinfo --showretiredpages --showunreservablepages --showmemuse --showvoltage --showtopo --showtopoweight --showtopohops --showtopotype --showtoponuma --showmeminfo all --json
```

Please include the output of this command if opening a GitHub issue, together
with ROCm version.

## Example Output

```shell
amd_rocm_smi,gpu_id=0x6861,gpu_unique_id=0x2150e7d042a1124,host=ali47xl,name=card0 clocks_current_memory=167i,clocks_current_sm=852i,driver_version=51114i,fan_speed=14i,memory_free=17145282560i,memory_total=17163091968i,memory_used=17809408i,power_draw=7,temperature_sensor_edge=28,temperature_sensor_junction=29,temperature_sensor_memory=92,utilization_gpu=0i 1630572551000000000
amd_rocm_smi,gpu_id=0x6861,gpu_unique_id=0x2150e7d042a1124,host=ali47xl,name=card0 clocks_current_memory=167i,clocks_current_sm=852i,driver_version=51114i,fan_speed=14i,memory_free=17145282560i,memory_total=17163091968i,memory_used=17809408i,power_draw=7,temperature_sensor_edge=29,temperature_sensor_junction=30,temperature_sensor_memory=91,utilization_gpu=0i 1630572701000000000
amd_rocm_smi,gpu_id=0x6861,gpu_unique_id=0x2150e7d042a1124,host=ali47xl,name=card0 clocks_current_memory=167i,clocks_current_sm=852i,driver_version=51114i,fan_speed=14i,memory_free=17145282560i,memory_total=17163091968i,memory_used=17809408i,power_draw=7,temperature_sensor_edge=29,temperature_sensor_junction=29,temperature_sensor_memory=92,utilization_gpu=0i 1630572749000000000
```

## Limitations and notices

Please notice that this plugin has been developed and tested on a limited number
of versions and small set of GPUs. Currently the latest ROCm version tested is
4.3.0.  Notice that depending on the device and driver versions the amount of
information provided by `rocm-smi` can vary so that some fields would start/stop
appearing in the metrics upon updates.  The `rocm-smi` JSON output is not
perfectly homogeneous and is possibly changing in the future, hence parsing and
unmarshaling can start failing upon updating ROCm.

Inspired by the current state of the art of the `nvidia-smi` plugin.

Commit message:

docs: add global configuration header (#12107)
(cherry picked from commit 49ac03fa806e5c384d19551dfc7b082525db61b5)

plugins/inputs/amd_rocm_smi/README.md, after:

# AMD ROCm System Management Interface (SMI) Input Plugin

This plugin uses a query on the [`rocm-smi`][1] binary to pull GPU stats
including memory and GPU usage, temperatures and other.

[1]: https://github.com/RadeonOpenCompute/rocm_smi_lib/tree/master/python_smi_tools

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Query statistics from AMD Graphics cards using rocm-smi binary
[[inputs.amd_rocm_smi]]
  ## Optional: path to rocm-smi binary, defaults to $PATH via exec.LookPath
  # bin_path = "/opt/rocm/bin/rocm-smi"

  ## Optional: timeout for GPU polling
  # timeout = "5s"
```

## Metrics

- measurement: `amd_rocm_smi`
  - tags
    - `name` (entry name assigned by rocm-smi executable)
    - `gpu_id` (id of the GPU according to rocm-smi)
    - `gpu_unique_id` (unique id of the GPU)

  - fields
    - `driver_version` (integer)
    - `fan_speed`(integer)
    - `memory_total`(integer B)
    - `memory_used`(integer B)
    - `memory_free`(integer B)
    - `temperature_sensor_edge` (float, Celsius)
    - `temperature_sensor_junction` (float, Celsius)
    - `temperature_sensor_memory` (float, Celsius)
    - `utilization_gpu` (integer, percentage)
    - `utilization_memory` (integer, percentage)
    - `clocks_current_sm` (integer, Mhz)
    - `clocks_current_memory` (integer, Mhz)
    - `power_draw` (float, Watt)

## Troubleshooting

Check the full output by running `rocm-smi` binary manually.

Linux:

```sh
rocm-smi rocm-smi -o -l -m -M  -g -c -t -u -i -f -p -P -s -S -v --showreplaycount --showpids --showdriverversion --showmemvendor --showfwinfo --showproductname --showserial --showuniqueid --showbus --showpendingpages --showpagesinfo --showretiredpages --showunreservablepages --showmemuse --showvoltage --showtopo --showtopoweight --showtopohops --showtopotype --showtoponuma --showmeminfo all --json
```

Please include the output of this command if opening a GitHub issue, together
with ROCm version.

## Example Output

```shell
amd_rocm_smi,gpu_id=0x6861,gpu_unique_id=0x2150e7d042a1124,host=ali47xl,name=card0 clocks_current_memory=167i,clocks_current_sm=852i,driver_version=51114i,fan_speed=14i,memory_free=17145282560i,memory_total=17163091968i,memory_used=17809408i,power_draw=7,temperature_sensor_edge=28,temperature_sensor_junction=29,temperature_sensor_memory=92,utilization_gpu=0i 1630572551000000000
amd_rocm_smi,gpu_id=0x6861,gpu_unique_id=0x2150e7d042a1124,host=ali47xl,name=card0 clocks_current_memory=167i,clocks_current_sm=852i,driver_version=51114i,fan_speed=14i,memory_free=17145282560i,memory_total=17163091968i,memory_used=17809408i,power_draw=7,temperature_sensor_edge=29,temperature_sensor_junction=30,temperature_sensor_memory=91,utilization_gpu=0i 1630572701000000000
amd_rocm_smi,gpu_id=0x6861,gpu_unique_id=0x2150e7d042a1124,host=ali47xl,name=card0 clocks_current_memory=167i,clocks_current_sm=852i,driver_version=51114i,fan_speed=14i,memory_free=17145282560i,memory_total=17163091968i,memory_used=17809408i,power_draw=7,temperature_sensor_edge=29,temperature_sensor_junction=29,temperature_sensor_memory=92,utilization_gpu=0i 1630572749000000000
```

## Limitations and notices

Please notice that this plugin has been developed and tested on a limited number
of versions and small set of GPUs. Currently the latest ROCm version tested is
4.3.0.  Notice that depending on the device and driver versions the amount of
information provided by `rocm-smi` can vary so that some fields would start/stop
appearing in the metrics upon updates.  The `rocm-smi` JSON output is not
perfectly homogeneous and is possibly changing in the future, hence parsing and
unmarshaling can start failing upon updating ROCm.

Inspired by the current state of the art of the `nvidia-smi` plugin.
