plugins/inputs/github/README.md, before:

# GitHub Input Plugin

Gather repository information from [GitHub][] hosted repositories.

**Note:** Telegraf also contains the [webhook][] input which can be used as an
alternative method for collecting repository information.

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Gather repository information from GitHub hosted repositories.
[[inputs.github]]
  ## List of repositories to monitor
  repositories = [
    "influxdata/telegraf",
    "influxdata/influxdb"
  ]

  ## Github API access token.  Unauthenticated requests are limited to 60 per hour.
  # access_token = ""

  ## Github API enterprise url. Github Enterprise accounts must specify their base url.
  # enterprise_base_url = ""

  ## Timeout for HTTP requests.
  # http_timeout = "5s"

  ## List of additional fields to query.
  ## NOTE: Getting those fields might involve issuing additional API-calls, so please
  ##       make sure you do not exceed the rate-limit of GitHub.
  ##
  ## Available fields are:
  ##  - pull-requests -- number of open and closed pull requests (2 API-calls per repository)
  # additional_fields = []
```

## Metrics

- github_repository
  - tags:
    - name - The repository name
    - owner - The owner of the repository
    - language - The primary language of the repository
    - license - The license set for the repository
  - fields:
    - forks (int)
    - open_issues (int)
    - networks (int)
    - size (int)
    - subscribers (int)
    - stars (int)
    - watchers (int)

When the [internal][] input is enabled:

- internal_github
  - tags:
    - access_token - An obfuscated reference to the configured access token or "Unauthenticated"
  - fields:
    - limit - How many requests you are limited to (per hour)
    - remaining - How many requests you have remaining (per hour)
    - blocks - How many requests have been blocked due to rate limit

When specifying `additional_fields` the plugin will collect the specified
properties.  **NOTE:** Querying this additional fields might require to perform
additional API-calls.  Please make sure you don't exceed the query rate-limit by
specifying too many additional fields.  In the following we list the available
options with the required API-calls and the resulting fields

- "pull-requests" (2 API-calls per repository)
  - fields:
    - open_pull_requests (int)
    - closed_pull_requests (int)

## Example Output

```shell
github_repository,language=Go,license=MIT\ License,name=telegraf,owner=influxdata forks=2679i,networks=2679i,open_issues=794i,size=23263i,stars=7091i,subscribers=316i,watchers=7091i 1563901372000000000
internal_github,access_token=Unauthenticated closed_pull_requests=3522i,rate_limit_remaining=59i,rate_limit_limit=60i,rate_limit_blocks=0i,open_pull_requests=260i 1552653551000000000
```

[GitHub]: https://www.github.com
[internal]: /plugins/inputs/internal
[webhook]: /plugins/inputs/webhooks/github

Commit message:

docs: add global configuraiton header
Added specifically to aggregators, inputs, output, and
processors.

fixes: #9065

plugins/inputs/github/README.md, after:

# GitHub Input Plugin

Gather repository information from [GitHub][] hosted repositories.

**Note:** Telegraf also contains the [webhook][] input which can be used as an
alternative method for collecting repository information.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Gather repository information from GitHub hosted repositories.
[[inputs.github]]
  ## List of repositories to monitor
  repositories = [
    "influxdata/telegraf",
    "influxdata/influxdb"
  ]

  ## Github API access token.  Unauthenticated requests are limited to 60 per hour.
  # access_token = ""

  ## Github API enterprise url. Github Enterprise accounts must specify their base url.
  # enterprise_base_url = ""

  ## Timeout for HTTP requests.
  # http_timeout = "5s"

  ## List of additional fields to query.
  ## NOTE: Getting those fields might involve issuing additional API-calls, so please
  ##       make sure you do not exceed the rate-limit of GitHub.
  ##
  ## Available fields are:
  ##  - pull-requests -- number of open and closed pull requests (2 API-calls per repository)
  # additional_fields = []
```

## Metrics

- github_repository
  - tags:
    - name - The repository name
    - owner - The owner of the repository
    - language - The primary language of the repository
    - license - The license set for the repository
  - fields:
    - forks (int)
    - open_issues (int)
    - networks (int)
    - size (int)
    - subscribers (int)
    - stars (int)
    - watchers (int)

When the [internal][] input is enabled:

- internal_github
  - tags:
    - access_token - An obfuscated reference to the configured access token or "Unauthenticated"
  - fields:
    - limit - How many requests you are limited to (per hour)
    - remaining - How many requests you have remaining (per hour)
    - blocks - How many requests have been blocked due to rate limit

When specifying `additional_fields` the plugin will collect the specified
properties.  **NOTE:** Querying this additional fields might require to perform
additional API-calls.  Please make sure you don't exceed the query rate-limit by
specifying too many additional fields.  In the following we list the available
options with the required API-calls and the resulting fields

- "pull-requests" (2 API-calls per repository)
  - fields:
    - open_pull_requests (int)
    - closed_pull_requests (int)

## Example Output

```shell
github_repository,language=Go,license=MIT\ License,name=telegraf,owner=influxdata forks=2679i,networks=2679i,open_issues=794i,size=23263i,stars=7091i,subscribers=316i,watchers=7091i 1563901372000000000
internal_github,access_token=Unauthenticated closed_pull_requests=3522i,rate_limit_remaining=59i,rate_limit_limit=60i,rate_limit_blocks=0i,open_pull_requests=260i 1552653551000000000
```

[GitHub]: https://www.github.com
[internal]: /plugins/inputs/internal
[webhook]: /plugins/inputs/webhooks/github
