plugins/inputs/syslog/README.md, before:

# Syslog Input Plugin

The syslog plugin listens for syslog messages transmitted over a Unix Domain
socket, [UDP](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5426),
[TCP](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6587), or
[TLS](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5425); with or without the octet counting
framing.

Syslog messages should be formatted according to
[RFC 5424](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5424).

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
[[inputs.syslog]]
  ## Protocol, address and port to host the syslog receiver.
  ## If no host is specified, then localhost is used.
  ## If no port is specified, 6514 is used (RFC5425#section-4.1).
  ##   ex: server = "tcp://localhost:6514"
  ##       server = "udp://:6514"
  ##       server = "unix:///var/run/telegraf-syslog.sock"
  server = "tcp://:6514"

  ## TLS Config
  # tls_allowed_cacerts = ["/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"]
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"

  ## Period between keep alive probes.
  ## 0 disables keep alive probes.
  ## Defaults to the OS configuration.
  ## Only applies to stream sockets (e.g. TCP).
  # keep_alive_period = "5m"

  ## Maximum number of concurrent connections (default = 0).
  ## 0 means unlimited.
  ## Only applies to stream sockets (e.g. TCP).
  # max_connections = 1024

  ## Read timeout is the maximum time allowed for reading a single message (default = 5s).
  ## 0 means unlimited.
  # read_timeout = "5s"

  ## The framing technique with which it is expected that messages are transported (default = "octet-counting").
  ## Whether the messages come using the octect-counting (RFC5425#section-4.3.1, RFC6587#section-3.4.1),
  ## or the non-transparent framing technique (RFC6587#section-3.4.2).
  ## Must be one of "octect-counting", "non-transparent".
  # framing = "octet-counting"

  ## The trailer to be expected in case of non-transparent framing (default = "LF").
  ## Must be one of "LF", or "NUL".
  # trailer = "LF"

  ## Whether to parse in best effort mode or not (default = false).
  ## By default best effort parsing is off.
  # best_effort = false

  ## The RFC standard to use for message parsing
  ## By default RFC5424 is used. RFC3164 only supports UDP transport (no streaming support)
  ## Must be one of "RFC5424", or "RFC3164".
  # syslog_standard = "RFC5424"

  ## Character to prepend to SD-PARAMs (default = "_").
  ## A syslog message can contain multiple parameters and multiple identifiers within structured data section.
  ## Eg., [id1 name1="val1" name2="val2"][id2 name1="val1" nameA="valA"]
  ## For each combination a field is created.
  ## Its name is created concatenating identifier, sdparam_separator, and parameter name.
  # sdparam_separator = "_"
```

### Message transport

The `framing` option only applies to streams. It governs the way we expect to
receive messages within the stream.  Namely, with the [`"octet counting"`][1]
technique (default) or with the [`"non-transparent"`][2] framing.

The `trailer` option only applies when `framing` option is
`"non-transparent"`. It must have one of the following values: `"LF"` (default),
or `"NUL"`.

[1]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5425#section-4.3

[2]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6587#section-3.4.2

### Best effort

The [`best_effort`](https://github.com/influxdata/go-syslog#best-effort-mode)
option instructs the parser to extract partial but valid info from syslog
messages. If unset only full messages will be collected.

### Rsyslog Integration

Rsyslog can be configured to forward logging messages to Telegraf by configuring
[remote logging][3].

Most system are setup with a configuration split between `/etc/rsyslog.conf`
and the files in the `/etc/rsyslog.d/` directory, it is recommended to add the
new configuration into the config directory to simplify updates to the main
config file.

Add the following lines to `/etc/rsyslog.d/50-telegraf.conf` making
adjustments to the target address as needed:

```shell
$ActionQueueType LinkedList # use asynchronous processing
$ActionQueueFileName srvrfwd # set file name, also enables disk mode
$ActionResumeRetryCount -1 # infinite retries on insert failure
$ActionQueueSaveOnShutdown on # save in-memory data if rsyslog shuts down

# forward over tcp with octet framing according to RFC 5425
*.* @@(o)127.0.0.1:6514;RSYSLOG_SyslogProtocol23Format

# uncomment to use udp according to RFC 5424
#*.* @127.0.0.1:6514;RSYSLOG_SyslogProtocol23Format
```

You can alternately use `advanced` format (aka RainerScript):

```bash
# forward over tcp with octet framing according to RFC 5425
action(type="omfwd" Protocol="tcp" TCP_Framing="octet-counted" Target="127.0.0.1" Port="6514" Template="RSYSLOG_SyslogProtocol23Format")

# uncomment to use udp according to RFC 5424
#action(type="omfwd" Protocol="udp" Target="127.0.0.1" Port="6514" Template="RSYSLOG_SyslogProtocol23Format")
```

To complete TLS setup please refer to [rsyslog docs][4].

[3]: https://www.rsyslog.com/doc/v8-stable/configuration/actions.html#remote-machine

[4]: https://www.rsyslog.com/doc/v8-stable/tutorials/tls.html

## Metrics

- syslog
  - tags
    - severity (string)
    - facility (string)
    - hostname (string)
    - appname (string)
    - source (string)
  - fields
    - version (integer)
    - severity_code (integer)
    - facility_code (integer)
    - timestamp (integer): the time recorded in the syslog message
    - procid (string)
    - msgid (string)
    - sdid (bool)
    - *Structured Data* (string)
  - timestamp: the time the messages was received

### Structured Data

Structured data produces field keys by combining the `SD_ID` with the
`PARAM_NAME` combined using the `sdparam_separator` as in the following example:

```shell
170 <165>1 2018-10-01:14:15.000Z mymachine.example.com evntslog - ID47 [exampleSDID@32473 iut="3" eventSource="Application" eventID="1011"] An application event log entry...
```

```shell
syslog,appname=evntslog,facility=local4,hostname=mymachine.example.com,severity=notice exampleSDID@32473_eventID="1011",exampleSDID@32473_eventSource="Application",exampleSDID@32473_iut="3",facility_code=20i,message="An application event log entry...",msgid="ID47",severity_code=5i,timestamp=1065910455003000000i,version=1i 1538421339749472344
```

## Troubleshooting

```sh
# TCP with octet framing
echo "57 <13>1 2018-10-01T12:00:00.0Z example.org root - - - test" | nc 127.0.0.1 6514

# UDP
echo "<13>1 2018-10-01T12:00:00.0Z example.org root - - - test" | nc -u 127.0.0.1 6514
```

### Resolving Source IPs

The `source` tag stores the remote IP address of the syslog sender.
To resolve these IPs to DNS names, use the
[`reverse_dns` processor](../../../plugins/processors/reverse_dns).

You can send debugging messages directly to the input plugin using netcat:

### RFC3164

RFC3164 encoded messages are supported for UDP only, but not all vendors output
valid RFC3164 messages by default

- E.g. Cisco IOS

If you see the following error, it is due to a message encoded in this format:

 ```shell
 E! Error in plugin [inputs.syslog]: expecting a version value in the range 1-999 [col 5]
 ```

Users can use rsyslog to translate RFC3164 syslog messages into RFC5424 format.
Add the following lines to the rsyslog configuration file
(e.g. `/etc/rsyslog.d/50-telegraf.conf`):

```s
# This makes rsyslog listen on 127.0.0.1:514 to receive RFC3164 udp
# messages which can them be forwared to telegraf as RFC5424
$ModLoad imudp #loads the udp module
$UDPServerAddress 127.0.0.1
$UDPServerRun 514
```

Make adjustments to the target address as needed and sent your RFC3164 messages
to port 514.

## Example Output

Here is example output of this plugin:

```shell
syslog,appname=docker-compose,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643706396113000i,version=1i 1624643706400667198
syslog,appname=tailscaled,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=dev,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.15 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643706403394000i,version=1i 1624643706407850408
syslog,appname=docker-compose,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643706675853000i,version=1i 1624643706679251683
syslog,appname=telegraf,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643710005006000i,version=1i 1624643710008285426
syslog,appname=telegraf,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643710005696000i,version=1i 1624643710010754050
syslog,appname=docker-compose,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643715777813000i,version=1i 1624643715782158154
syslog,appname=docker-compose,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643716396547000i,version=1i 1624643716400395788
syslog,appname=tailscaled,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=dev,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.15 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643716404931000i,version=1i 1624643716416947058
syslog,appname=docker-compose,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643716676633000i,version=1i 1624643716680157558
```

Commit message:

docs(inputs.syslog): mention usage of tcp4/6
fixes: #5934

plugins/inputs/syslog/README.md, after:

# Syslog Input Plugin

The syslog plugin listens for syslog messages transmitted over a Unix Domain
socket, [UDP](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5426),
[TCP](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6587), or
[TLS](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5425); with or without the octet counting
framing.

Syslog messages should be formatted according to
[RFC 5424](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5424).

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.
See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
[[inputs.syslog]]
  ## Protocol, address and port to host the syslog receiver.
  ## If no host is specified, then localhost is used.
  ## If no port is specified, 6514 is used (RFC5425#section-4.1).
  ##   ex: server = "tcp://localhost:6514"
  ##       server = "udp://:6514"
  ##       server = "unix:///var/run/telegraf-syslog.sock"
  ## When using tcp, consider using 'tcp4' or 'tcp6' to force the usage of IPv4
  ## or IPV6 respectively. There are cases, where when not specified, a system
  ## may force an IPv4 mapped IPv6 address.
  server = "tcp://:6514"

  ## TLS Config
  # tls_allowed_cacerts = ["/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"]
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"

  ## Period between keep alive probes.
  ## 0 disables keep alive probes.
  ## Defaults to the OS configuration.
  ## Only applies to stream sockets (e.g. TCP).
  # keep_alive_period = "5m"

  ## Maximum number of concurrent connections (default = 0).
  ## 0 means unlimited.
  ## Only applies to stream sockets (e.g. TCP).
  # max_connections = 1024

  ## Read timeout is the maximum time allowed for reading a single message (default = 5s).
  ## 0 means unlimited.
  # read_timeout = "5s"

  ## The framing technique with which it is expected that messages are transported (default = "octet-counting").
  ## Whether the messages come using the octect-counting (RFC5425#section-4.3.1, RFC6587#section-3.4.1),
  ## or the non-transparent framing technique (RFC6587#section-3.4.2).
  ## Must be one of "octect-counting", "non-transparent".
  # framing = "octet-counting"

  ## The trailer to be expected in case of non-transparent framing (default = "LF").
  ## Must be one of "LF", or "NUL".
  # trailer = "LF"

  ## Whether to parse in best effort mode or not (default = false).
  ## By default best effort parsing is off.
  # best_effort = false

  ## The RFC standard to use for message parsing
  ## By default RFC5424 is used. RFC3164 only supports UDP transport (no streaming support)
  ## Must be one of "RFC5424", or "RFC3164".
  # syslog_standard = "RFC5424"

  ## Character to prepend to SD-PARAMs (default = "_").
  ## A syslog message can contain multiple parameters and multiple identifiers within structured data section.
  ## Eg., [id1 name1="val1" name2="val2"][id2 name1="val1" nameA="valA"]
  ## For each combination a field is created.
  ## Its name is created concatenating identifier, sdparam_separator, and parameter name.
  # sdparam_separator = "_"
```

### Message transport

The `framing` option only applies to streams. It governs the way we expect to
receive messages within the stream.  Namely, with the [`"octet counting"`][1]
technique (default) or with the [`"non-transparent"`][2] framing.

The `trailer` option only applies when `framing` option is
`"non-transparent"`. It must have one of the following values: `"LF"` (default),
or `"NUL"`.

[1]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5425#section-4.3

[2]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6587#section-3.4.2

### Best effort

The [`best_effort`](https://github.com/influxdata/go-syslog#best-effort-mode)
option instructs the parser to extract partial but valid info from syslog
messages. If unset only full messages will be collected.

### Rsyslog Integration

Rsyslog can be configured to forward logging messages to Telegraf by configuring
[remote logging][3].

Most system are setup with a configuration split between `/etc/rsyslog.conf`
and the files in the `/etc/rsyslog.d/` directory, it is recommended to add the
new configuration into the config directory to simplify updates to the main
config file.

Add the following lines to `/etc/rsyslog.d/50-telegraf.conf` making
adjustments to the target address as needed:

```shell
$ActionQueueType LinkedList # use asynchronous processing
$ActionQueueFileName srvrfwd # set file name, also enables disk mode
$ActionResumeRetryCount -1 # infinite retries on insert failure
$ActionQueueSaveOnShutdown on # save in-memory data if rsyslog shuts down

# forward over tcp with octet framing according to RFC 5425
*.* @@(o)127.0.0.1:6514;RSYSLOG_SyslogProtocol23Format

# uncomment to use udp according to RFC 5424
#*.* @127.0.0.1:6514;RSYSLOG_SyslogProtocol23Format
```

You can alternately use `advanced` format (aka RainerScript):

```bash
# forward over tcp with octet framing according to RFC 5425
action(type="omfwd" Protocol="tcp" TCP_Framing="octet-counted" Target="127.0.0.1" Port="6514" Template="RSYSLOG_SyslogProtocol23Format")

# uncomment to use udp according to RFC 5424
#action(type="omfwd" Protocol="udp" Target="127.0.0.1" Port="6514" Template="RSYSLOG_SyslogProtocol23Format")
```

To complete TLS setup please refer to [rsyslog docs][4].

[3]: https://www.rsyslog.com/doc/v8-stable/configuration/actions.html#remote-machine

[4]: https://www.rsyslog.com/doc/v8-stable/tutorials/tls.html

## Metrics

- syslog
  - tags
    - severity (string)
    - facility (string)
    - hostname (string)
    - appname (string)
    - source (string)
  - fields
    - version (integer)
    - severity_code (integer)
    - facility_code (integer)
    - timestamp (integer): the time recorded in the syslog message
    - procid (string)
    - msgid (string)
    - sdid (bool)
    - *Structured Data* (string)
  - timestamp: the time the messages was received

### Structured Data

Structured data produces field keys by combining the `SD_ID` with the
`PARAM_NAME` combined using the `sdparam_separator` as in the following example:

```shell
170 <165>1 2018-10-01:14:15.000Z mymachine.example.com evntslog - ID47 [exampleSDID@32473 iut="3" eventSource="Application" eventID="1011"] An application event log entry...
```

```shell
syslog,appname=evntslog,facility=local4,hostname=mymachine.example.com,severity=notice exampleSDID@32473_eventID="1011",exampleSDID@32473_eventSource="Application",exampleSDID@32473_iut="3",facility_code=20i,message="An application event log entry...",msgid="ID47",severity_code=5i,timestamp=1065910455003000000i,version=1i 1538421339749472344
```

## Troubleshooting

```sh
# TCP with octet framing
echo "57 <13>1 2018-10-01T12:00:00.0Z example.org root - - - test" | nc 127.0.0.1 6514

# UDP
echo "<13>1 2018-10-01T12:00:00.0Z example.org root - - - test" | nc -u 127.0.0.1 6514
```

### Resolving Source IPs

The `source` tag stores the remote IP address of the syslog sender.
To resolve these IPs to DNS names, use the
[`reverse_dns` processor](../../../plugins/processors/reverse_dns).

You can send debugging messages directly to the input plugin using netcat:

### RFC3164

RFC3164 encoded messages are supported for UDP only, but not all vendors output
valid RFC3164 messages by default

- E.g. Cisco IOS

If you see the following error, it is due to a message encoded in this format:

 ```shell
 E! Error in plugin [inputs.syslog]: expecting a version value in the range 1-999 [col 5]
 ```

Users can use rsyslog to translate RFC3164 syslog messages into RFC5424 format.
Add the following lines to the rsyslog configuration file
(e.g. `/etc/rsyslog.d/50-telegraf.conf`):

```s
# This makes rsyslog listen on 127.0.0.1:514 to receive RFC3164 udp
# messages which can them be forwared to telegraf as RFC5424
$ModLoad imudp #loads the udp module
$UDPServerAddress 127.0.0.1
$UDPServerRun 514
```

Make adjustments to the target address as needed and sent your RFC3164 messages
to port 514.

## Example Output

Here is example output of this plugin:

```shell
syslog,appname=docker-compose,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643706396113000i,version=1i 1624643706400667198
syslog,appname=tailscaled,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=dev,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.15 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643706403394000i,version=1i 1624643706407850408
syslog,appname=docker-compose,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643706675853000i,version=1i 1624643706679251683
syslog,appname=telegraf,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643710005006000i,version=1i 1624643710008285426
syslog,appname=telegraf,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643710005696000i,version=1i 1624643710010754050
syslog,appname=docker-compose,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643715777813000i,version=1i 1624643715782158154
syslog,appname=docker-compose,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643716396547000i,version=1i 1624643716400395788
syslog,appname=tailscaled,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=dev,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.15 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643716404931000i,version=1i 1624643716416947058
syslog,appname=docker-compose,facility=daemon,host=bb8,hostname=droplet,location=home,severity=info,source=10.0.0.12 facility_code=3i,message="<redacted>",severity_code=6i,timestamp=1624643716676633000i,version=1i 1624643716680157558
```
